<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><span class="wysiwyg-color-blue90"><strong>Effective:</strong> </span><span id="docs-internal-guid-c9bcff91-7fff-6673-d6fb-53a203f97d36">5/5/2024</span></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><span class="wysiwyg-color-blue90"><strong>Last Updated:</strong></span> 03/01/2024</span></p>
<p id="docs-internal-guid-06a84687-7fff-0657-85ba-4002c874bf9b">Discord believes in giving users the ability to support themselves through monetization. In order to be eligible for monetization on Discord, all users, creators, developers, and their content, servers, and apps must abide by the requirements and restrictions outlined below.</p>
<p>This Monetization Policy applies to all of Discord’s user monetization features, including Server Subscriptions, App Subscriptions, and Server Shop. Monetizing users are responsible for the content they are monetizing, this means they must follow all applicable laws and regulations, providing honest content descriptions, and monetizing safely and responsibly. Please check our policies regularly as we may update these policies from time to time and continued use of Discord’s user monetization features after such updates go into effect means you accept and agree to those updates. </p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In addition to this Policy, monetizing users must adhere to Discord’s <a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service</a>, <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/5330075836311-Monetization-Terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Monetization Terms</a>, <a href="https://discord.com/guidelines" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Community Guidelines</a>, and all the policies in our <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Help Center</a> governing use of our services. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meaning assigned to them in the Monetization Terms. For clarity, the term “including” as used herein means “including without limitation”. Additionally, examples provided herein are for convenience, and should not be construed to limit the applicability of this Policy.</span></p>
<h1 id="docs-internal-guid-cbb2edae-7fff-97e5-26b4-30ba63b2c402">Monetized Content Policy</h1>
<h2 id="docs-internal-guid-e7bfde92-7fff-ac20-b5c6-d9f7c8eaa316">You May Not Monetize Content Associated With Any Of The Following:</h2>
<p>1. Intellectual property of other rights holders without written permission. </p>
<p>2. Impersonation, unless it is clearly labeled as parody or satire.</p>
<ol>
<li>Labels of parody or satire must be clearly visible to users and to Discord at all times.</li>
</ol>
<p>3. Sexually explicit content, whether hosted on Discord or linked from other services. </p>
<ol>
<li>Content may not contain nudity, explicit sexual acts, or content created for the purpose of sexual gratification or arousal.</li>
<li>Exceptions for non-sexual nudity may be made for context that is educational, artistic, or newsworthy at Discord’s sole discretion.</li>
</ol>
<p>4. Facilitation, solicitation of, or participation in online dating. </p>
<p>5. Political candidates, campaign teams, political parties, elected or appointed government officials, and/or partisan political activity.</p>
<p>6. Exploitation of tragedy, hardship, or turmoil. </p>
<ol>
<li>This includes, for example, participating in financially manipulative behavior such as price gouging and inducing artificial scarcity of necessities.</li>
</ol>
<p>7. Monetization where the stated purpose of monetization is to support a charitable endeavor.</p>
<p>8. Promotion of pharmaceutical goods, drugs, and unsafe health practices. </p>
<ol>
<li>This includes claims of medicinal benefit from supplements that have not been approved by the FDA or similar regulatory body.</li>
<li>Telemedicine and telehealth offerings.</li>
</ol>
<p>9. Promotion or solicitation of endangering behaviors or activities to yourself, others, or animals.</p>
<p>10. Primary purpose of marketing, advertising, or promotional benefit of the app or of a third party, such as:</p>
<ol id="docs-internal-guid-55068b24-7fff-b335-6984-7f79ab50f043">
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li>Third party servers, </li>
<li>Applications, </li>
<li>Businesses, or services. </li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>11. Facilitation of gambling or gambling-adjacent activities such as:</p>
<ol id="docs-internal-guid-55068b24-7fff-b335-6984-7f79ab50f043">
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li>Simulated casinos and their games,</li>
<li>Gambling discussions,</li>
<li>Gambling advice,</li>
<li>Community management of gambling operations.</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>12. Distribution, manufacturing, sale, or promotion of sales of lethal weapons or explosives and their regulated accessories. </p>
<p>13. Promotion or encouragement of alcohol, tobacco, and other drugs such as:</p>
<ol id="docs-internal-guid-55068b24-7fff-b335-6984-7f79ab50f043">
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li>Drug paraphernalia, </li>
<li>Displaying characters that are under the influence, </li>
<li>Depicting under age drinking, </li>
<li>Simulated alcohol games,</li>
<li>Alcohol branding, </li>
<li>Depictions of hard drug use. </li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>14. Deceptive, misleading, or manipulative financial practices such as:</p>
<ol id="docs-internal-guid-55068b24-7fff-b335-6984-7f79ab50f043">
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li>Multi-level marketing schemes,</li>
<li>Financial scams, </li>
<li>Fraudulent behavior.</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>15. Facilitation of financial asset transfers or securities ownership.</p>
<p>16. Malware and Software Downloads</p>
<ol id="docs-internal-guid-55068b24-7fff-b335-6984-7f79ab50f043">
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li>Spyware,</li>
<li>Stalkerware,</li>
<li>Illegal hacking devices,</li>
<li>Phishing links,</li>
<li>Software that is deceptive or compromises user safety.</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>17. Inappropriate or distasteful content.</p>
<ol id="docs-internal-guid-55068b24-7fff-b335-6984-7f79ab50f043">
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li> Content that is inflammatory, demeaning, dangerous, misleading, or excessively violent such as:
<ol>
<li>Misrepresentative or manipulated content,</li>
<li>Graphic imagery and realistic displays of crime, violence, physical trauma, execution,</li>
<li>Content meant to shock or scare,</li>
<li>Disgusting imagery of guts, gore, sexual fluids, human or animal waste.</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>18. Profanity or vulgarity,</p>
<ol>
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li>Including obscene uses of symbols, emojis, or gestures,</li>
<li>Emojis or gestures which contain implicit or explicit vulgarity.</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<h1 id="h_01HQXYHFAF7R1THC8BQERHBZR9">Eligibility Policies</h1>
<h2 id="h_01HQXYHFAG5AZVHS39R38JW1AT">In Order to Monetize on Discord, Your Account Must Meet the Following Requirements</h2>
<p><span style="color: #2e3338;">We look at a number of safety and security signals to determine eligibility. This is not an exhaustive list, but examples that we offer for transparency and ease of understanding: </span></p>
<p><span style="color: #2e3338;">1. You must be 18 years or older.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #2e3338;">2. Your account must be in good standing. Good standing includes but is not limited to:</span></p>
<ol>
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li>
<span style="color: #2e3338;">You are not actively violating any of Discord’s </span><a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms</a><span style="color: #2e3338;"> or </span><a href="https://discord.com/guidelines" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Guidelines</a><span style="color: #2e3338;">.</span>
</li>
<li><span style="color: #2e3338;">Your account has not received a safety violation in the past 30 days.</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #2e3338;">Your account has not been flagged for suspicious activity usually reserved for safety, abuse, and fraud cases.</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #2e3338;">No outstanding dues or unpaid charges owed to Discord.</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>3. <span style="color: #2e3338;">You must have your email verified.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #2e3338;">4. You must have </span><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/219576828" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Two-Factor Authentication</a><span style="color: #2e3338;"> enabled. Please note, you cannot remove 2FA when you have published server subscription tiers in your servers.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HQXYHFAGKJ4PZ3X48NF3DYGE">In Order to be Eligible for Premium Apps, Your App Must Meet the Following Requirements</h2>
<p>1. Your app must be verified. </p>
<p>2. Your app must not have had an ownership transfer in the last 30 days, all app ownership transfers must be reviewed and approved by Discord.</p>
<p>3. Your app may not be bought or sold without Discord’s approval. </p>
<p>4. Your app must be in good standing. Good standing includes but is not limited to:</p>
<ol>
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li>Your app has not received a safety violation in the past 30 days.</li>
<li>Your app has not been flagged for suspicious activity usually reserved for safety, abuse, and fraud cases.</li>
<li>Your app is not actively violating Discord’s Developer <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/policies-and-agreements/developer-terms-of-service" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms</a> of Service and <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/policies-and-agreements/developer-policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Policy</a>.</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<h2 id="h_01HQXYHFAGHYAB8QVCAD7CP0ZJ">In Order to be Eligible for Server Monetization, Your Server Must Meet the Following Requirements </h2>
<p>1. The majority of your server’s membership and activity is not composed of bots or inactive accounts. </p>
<p><span style="background-color: #ffffff;">2. Your server must not have had a server ownership transfer in the last 30 days without Discord’s approval. All monetized server transfers will go through a Safety review.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #2e3338; background-color: #ffffff;">3. Your server must not be bought or sold without Discord’s approval. </span></p>
<p><span style="color: #2e3338; background-color: #ffffff;">4. Your server must be in good standing. Good standing includes but is not limited to:</span></p>
<ol>
<li style="list-style-type: none;">
<ol>
<li><span style="color: #2e3338; background-color: #ffffff;">Your server has not received a safety violation in the past 30 days.</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #2e3338; background-color: #ffffff;">Your server has not been flagged for suspicious activity usually reserved for safety, abuse, and fraud cases.</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>