<p><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-large">What this article covers:</span></p>
<ul>
<li>
<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/19872987802263#h_01HHQ2QR09R9W4XMY49J68454Y">Submitting Requests Regarding Deceased or Incapacitated Users on Discord</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/19872987802263#h_01HHQ2QR096QBF3G6K9H5NY1QV">Requesting Access or Details for the Deceased’s Account</a></li>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/19872987802263#h_01HHQ2QR09NR2GCGKF2SCFVS1T">Requesting Account Deletion</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/19872987802263#h_01HHQ2QR092B8A6GRFFSRV6R55">Billing or Payment-Related issues</a></li>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/19872987802263#h_01HHQ2QR09GY34N1Q5063SZWXC">Requests to Memorialize or Transfer an Account</a></li>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/19872987802263#h_01HHQ2QR099J80CCYJ5RVWAPF9">Inactive Account Deletion</a></li>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/19872987802263#h_01HHQ2QR09M101ATCJ7QNEZBHJ">Contacting Discord Support</a></li>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/19872987802263#h_01HHQ2QR092Z29M538VGBYFGR6">Further Information</a></li>
</ul>
<h1 id="h_01HHQ2QR09R9W4XMY49J68454Y">Submitting Requests Regarding Deceased or Incapacitated Users on Discord</h1>
<p>At Discord, we understand that dealing with the accounts of deceased or incapacitated users can be a sensitive and challenging situation. We are here to guide you through the process of submitting requests regarding their Discord account while ensuring privacy and security for all parties involved. </p>
<h2 id="h_01HHQ2QR096QBF3G6K9H5NY1QV">Requesting Access or Details for the Deceased’s Account</h2>
<p>Due to privacy and security reasons, we are unable to provide access, disclose personal information, make changes, or share data tied to an account. However, if you have access to the email address associated with the account, you can initiate a password reset. This process allows you to regain access to the account without compromising privacy and security. To learn more about how to reset a password, please refer to this <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/218410947-I-forgot-my-Password-Where-can-I-set-a-new-one-" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">support article</a>.</p>
<h2 id="h_01HHQ2QR09NR2GCGKF2SCFVS1T">Requesting Account Deletion</h2>
<p><strong>If you have access to the deceased user’s </strong><strong><span class="wysiwyg-underline">Discord accoun</span></strong><strong>t </strong>you can follow the steps below to initiate the account deletion process:</p>
<p>1. Log into the deceased user's Discord account on the mobile or desktop application or <a href="http://discordapp.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">discordapp.com</a>.</p>
<p>2. Enter the <strong>User Settings</strong> by clicking on the <strong>cog icon</strong> on the bottom left of your Discord app.</p>
<p>3. Once you’re in the <strong>My Account</strong> tab (it should be the default tab), scroll down to the section titled <strong>Account Removal</strong>.</p>
<p>4. Click on the <strong>Delete Account</strong> button, and you’ll be prompted to enter the password for this Discord account.</p>
<p>5. After you have confirmed the deletion, you will be immediately logged out of the account and the deletion process will begin.</p>
<p>For more information about account deletion, check out our Support article:<a href="https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/212500837" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/212500837</a>.</p>
<p><strong>If you have access to the deceased user’s </strong><strong><span class="wysiwyg-underline">email address</span></strong><strong> or if you are </strong><strong><span class="wysiwyg-underline">writing in from the email associated with the account</span></strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<p>You can request account deletion by including the following sentence in your request: <br><strong><em>"I confirm that I would like to delete the account associated with [emailaddress@email.com]."</em></strong> while replacing the email address with the email address in question. Once we receive the request above, we will be able to begin the account deletion process. </p>
<p><strong>If you are requesting account deletion from </strong><strong><span class="wysiwyg-underline">a different account or email address</span></strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<p>Since Discord prioritizes user privacy and does not collect extensive personal information on our users, verifying the identity and relationship of the requester is crucial. In order to proceed with account-related actions, the following documentation must be provided:</p>
<ul>
<li>Deceased User's Account Details:
<ul>
<li>Email address associated with the account</li>
<li>Discord Username</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Proof of Account Holder's Death:
<ul>
<li>Death certificate or coroner's report</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Proof of Your Relationship to the Deceased:
<ul>
<li>Marriage license, birth certificate, last will and testament, estate letter, or power of attorney</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Verification of Your/the Requestor’s Identity:
<ul>
<li>Valid photo ID or passport</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Document Submission Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p>Please ensure that the documents are provided as photocopies or scanned copies. To safeguard your privacy, you can block out any personal information such as birthdays and addresses while keeping names visible.</p>
<p><strong>Explicit Confirmation of Action Requested:</strong></p>
<p>In addition to the required documents, we need an explicit confirmation of the action you are requesting for the account. Please include the following statement: <strong><em>"I request to have the account associated with [email and/or username] deleted."</em></strong></p>
<h1 id="h_01HHQ2QR092B8A6GRFFSRV6R55">Billing or Payment-Related issues</h1>
<p>If you have any questions regarding billing or payments related to a deceased user’s account, please visit our <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/requests/new" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">support form</a>, select <strong>Billing</strong>, and choose the type of billing issue that most closely relates to your question.</p>
<h1 id="h_01HHQ2QR09GY34N1Q5063SZWXC">Requests to Memorialize or Transfer an Account</h1>
<p>We do not currently have a feature to memorialize or transfer accounts. However, you can submit the feature as a request to our feedback site found at <a href="https://feedback.discord.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://feedback.discord.com</a>. </p>
<h1 id="h_01HHQ2QR099J80CCYJ5RVWAPF9">Inactive Account Deletion</h1>
<p>Discord accounts that have not been used for 2 years or more may be scheduled to be deleted due to inactivity. As the Deceased’s account nears the 2 years mark, their email address or phone number may get an email or text message with a warning that their account is scheduled to be deleted. As long as no one logs into the account in question, the deletion will proceed automatically. </p>
<h1 id="h_01HHQ2QR09M101ATCJ7QNEZBHJ">Contacting Discord Support</h1>
<p id="h_01HHQ2QR093P7F9C11QYYTB28A">1. Initial Contact:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p id="h_01HHQ2QR091SN2NGMD338TE74D">Please send a <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/requests/new" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">support request</a> to Discord Support and provide the necessary information and documents as outlined above.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p id="h_01HHQ2QR09PRM7B8KQ4ZWA6WMM">Wait for a response from our support team.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p id="h_01HHQ2QR09QJ6WYFTJEXZWYEVG">2. Response and Follow-up:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p id="h_01HHQ2QR09T5CP5PGKZBTM57GC">You might receive a response from our support team requesting additional information or clarification.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p id="h_01HHQ2QR09Z625573D9VFKTSMB">If you are able to provide further information, rest assured that we will use it exclusively for the purpose of addressing your request.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p id="h_01HHQ2QR098TD7Q0T2QGZYSX6Z">3. Privacy and Security:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p id="h_01HHQ2QR09QCVVE4DB6GRBCSPQ">Discord takes user privacy and security seriously. Personal information, documents, and correspondence will be handled confidentially and used solely for verification and processing purposes.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h1 id="h_01HHQ2QR092Z29M538VGBYFGR6">Further Information</h1>
<p>For more information about our approach to privacy and data security, please review our <a href="https://discord.com/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Privacy Policy</a>.</p>