<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify"><strong>1.</strong> <strong>Health and Safety</strong>. If the Services and Deliverables include event-related Services, including planning, running, and executing an event for Discord, Provider ensure it will comply with all the following:</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">1.1 Provider will provide prior written notice to Discord if the Services or Deliverables present a potential hazard to any Discord employees, assets and or property and obtain approval in writing before proceeding with the provision of the Services or Deliverables;</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">1.2 Provider will immediately report to Discord any injuries and damages arising from the provision of the Services and Deliverables;</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">1.3 Provider will ensure that any preparation, cooking, transportation or serving of food will meet all applicable regulations and standards, including as set by the relevant food standards agency of the country or territory in which the Provider is providing the Services or Deliverables;</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">1.4 Provider will comply with any applicable public health code, including as set by the relevant public health agency of the country or territory in which the Provider is providing the Services or Deliverables;</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">1.5 Provider will ensure that Personnel will be free from alcohol, drugs or any other substances that may cause intoxication at all times when they are providing Services or Deliverables; and</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">1.6 Provider will obtain, maintain, and complete all necessary health and safety documentation and carry out all appropriate risk assessments at the Event premises.</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify"><strong>2.</strong> <strong>Accessibility.</strong>  Provide will ensure that the event is accessible as follows:</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">2.1 Provider will ensure that the running of the event complies with any applicable regulations and standards regarding accessibility for individuals with disabilities, as set by the relevant agency of the country or territory in which the Provider is providing the Services or Deliverables.</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">2.2 Provider will ensure that the event venue is physically accessible regardless of applicable regulations and standards in the relevant country or territory.</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">2.3 Provider will provide for any reasonably requested accommodations related to accessibility regarding the running of the event.</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify"><strong>3.</strong> <strong>Authorizations, Permissions, Permits</strong>. Provider will obtain all necessary authorizations, permissions, and permits required for the booking of venues, premises, or other locations if a venue, premise, or other location is required to provide or perform any part of the Services or create any Deliverables. Provider will comply and will work in collaboration with Discord.  Provider will sign all licenses and permissions as the contracting entity, and will not sign as agent for Discord or on behalf of Discord.</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify"><strong>4.</strong> <strong>Event Signage</strong>. If Provider is running or executing an event for Discord where Discord, Provider, or Discord’s appointees may wish to capture recordings, Provider will ensure that the event includes prominent signage to the effect that all guests fully consent to being recorded and/or photographed by entering the venue of an event in accordance with applicable law. Signage will be clearly displayed at all entrances to an event. Signage will comply with any applicable laws and regulations regarding translation.</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify"><strong>5.</strong> <strong>Event Recording</strong>. If Provider is running or executing a virtual event for Discord, Provider will obtain permission from all guests to record the event in accordance with applicable law.</p>
<p><strong>6.</strong> <strong>Guild Agreements</strong>. Nothing in the MSA authorizes Provider to act as agent for or conduct business in the name of Discord. Provider may not enter into any agreements on behalf of Discord, including any including licenses, sponsorships, co-marketing agreements, online platform services, or online terms of service.  As between the Parties, Provider is solely responsible for all liabilities and obligations that Provider may incur under any Guild Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this MSA authorizes Provider to (a) incur, on Discord’s behalf, any obligations to any talent, or under any Guild Agreement; or (b) cause Discord to enter into any Guild Agreement.</p>