<p>When a server owner steps away or becomes inactive on Discord, this can leave their server without someone to look after it! When this happens, a server member can request ownership transfer to help take care of the server and keep things running smoothly for everyone! If you’d like to request ownership of a server, keep reading to learn how.</p>
<div class="book-box">If you’re a server owner and you’d like to transfer ownership of your server, please reference our article on <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/216273938" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">how to transfer server ownership</a>!</div>
<p><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-large"><strong>What this article covers:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="#h_01J7F760SVNTBXP55GDANPP0MH">What is the policy for Server Ownership Transfers?</a></li>
<li>
<a href="#h_01J7F79PJ506MZ2FV08AQ579TA">How do I submit a Server Ownership Transfer Request ticket?</a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#h_01J7F7DSBYD2HWGHPFC953S40Z">What information is needed in a Server Ownership Transfer request?</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01J7F7G7QAF13AMMMGD453V2Z9">How do I find a Server/User ID?</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#h_01J7F7PP92JRTF5006QJ1X6HM2">What if my Server is Partnered or Verified?</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01J7F84ST9CK89DKAHPK6AM7Y7">What if I Want to Request an Ownership Transfer of Multiple Servers?</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01J7F85919XBQF71N75ASKJAR2">Will the Inactive Server Owner be Notified of the Server Transfer?</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01J7F85Q2GC0CWCWTRMWYP5J38">A Note on Data and Your Privacy</a></li>
</ul>
<h1 id="h_01J7F760SVNTBXP55GDANPP0MH">What is the policy for Server Ownership Transfers?</h1>
<p>The criteria for a server ownership transfer:</p>
<ul>
<li>The server has 100 members (based on active user count).</li>
<li>The current server owner hasn't accessed their account for at least a month.</li>
<li>You (the requestor) have been active on your account in the last 30 days.</li>
<li>You (the requestor) have administrator or moderator permissions within the server.</li>
<li>The server is not monetized.</li>
</ul>
<div class="warn-box">Our Support team can only assist with server ownership transfers if your request meets the criteria. If your request does not meet the criteria, then it will be denied— no exceptions.</div>
<div class="warn-box">Please note that we cannot transfer ownership if you’re asking on behalf of another user, and you will need to ask that other user to directly contact our Support team with their own transfer request! The new owner should be the one submitting the support ticket, unless your server is Partnered or Verified</div>
<h1 id="h_01J7F79PJ506MZ2FV08AQ579TA">How do I submit a Server Ownership Transfer Request ticket?</h1>
<p>1. Visit us at <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/requests/new" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://support.discord.com/hc/requests/new</a></p>
<p>2. Under <strong>What Can We Help You With?</strong>, select <strong>Help &amp; Support</strong></p>
<p>3. Input the email associated with your Discord account</p>
<p>4. Under <strong>Type of Question?</strong>, select <strong>Server Related Requests</strong></p>
<p>5. Under <strong>Server Related Requests</strong>, select <strong>Server Ownership Transfer Request</strong></p>
<p>6. Input the requested information</p>
<div class="tip-box">When submitting your request, please indicate whether your server is monetized, partnered, or verified by selecting Yes/No in the appropriate fields.</div>
<h2 id="h_01J7F7DSBYD2HWGHPFC953S40Z">What information is needed in a Server Ownership Transfer request?</h2>
<p>In order for our support team to review your request, we will need you to submit the following information. Without the information below, we will be unable to proceed further with reviewing this request. If invalid information is provided, your request may be delayed and follow-up will be required.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Server Name</strong></li>
<li><strong>Server ID</strong></li>
<li><strong>Inactive owner's Discord Username</strong></li>
<li><strong>Inactive owner's User ID</strong></li>
<li><strong>New owner's Discord Username</strong></li>
<li><strong>New owner's User ID</strong></li>
</ul>
<h2 id="h_01J7F7G7QAF13AMMMGD453V2Z9">How do I find a Server/User ID?</h2>
<p>To find the Server/User ID you will need to enable Developer Mode on your Discord app.</p>
<p>You can check out <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/206346498" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">this support article</a> on how you can enable developer mode.</p>
<p>User ID: right-click a user’s avatar and then select <strong>Copy User ID</strong>. You can also press on a user’s avatar &gt; press on the <strong>ellipses icon</strong> in the top right corner of the user’s profile &gt; select <strong>Copy User ID</strong>.</p>
<p>Server ID: right-click the server’s name or the server icon and then select <strong>Copy Server ID</strong>.</p>
<h1 id="h_01J7F7PP92JRTF5006QJ1X6HM2">What if my Server is Partnered or Verified?</h1>
<p>Before submitting a ticket, please check if your server is Partnered or Verified. If your server is Partnered or Verified, you will have the corresponding badge next to your server’s name. You can learn more about <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/14078261239831" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">server types on this support article</a>.</p>
<p>If you own a Partnered or Verified server and wish to transfer ownership, you must submit the request yourself.</p>
<div class="warn-box">Please note that if your server has the <strong>Community Feature</strong> enabled, this does not mean that your server is Partner or Verified.</div>
<p>When submitting your transfer request, please only select <strong>Yes</strong> under <strong>Is your server Partnered, Verified?</strong> If your server is confirmed to be Partnered or Verified, not Community. Choosing incorrectly could delay your request processing.</p>
<h1 id="h_01J7F84ST9CK89DKAHPK6AM7Y7">What if I Want to Request an Ownership Transfer of Multiple Servers?</h1>
<p>Our team can only handle one server per request. Therefore, if you want to request ownership of multiple servers, we ask that you file a separate ticket for each one.</p>
<h1 id="h_01J7F85919XBQF71N75ASKJAR2">Will the Inactive Server Owner be Notified of the Server Transfer?</h1>
<p>If a server owner is inactive and not banned, then we do contact them to get their consent for the server ownership transfer. The current server owner has 7 days to respond to our inquiry. If they approve the transfer or they don’t respond within 7 days, we transfer the server if eligible per our requirements. If the current owner denies the transfer request or the criteria for transfer is not met, we will not be able to proceed with the transfer of the server.</p>
<h1 id="h_01J7F85Q2GC0CWCWTRMWYP5J38">A Note on Data and Your Privacy</h1>
<p>In line with data minimization principles, information provided by you in your server ownership transfer request will be deleted after the transfer is complete.</p>
<p>We take your privacy and data security seriously. The information collected during the server ownership transfer process, including the server name, server ID, inactive owner's Discord username and user ID, and the new owner's Discord username and user ID, will be used solely for processing your transfer request. This data will be handled confidentially and in accordance with <a href="https://discord.com/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord’s Privacy Policy</a> and applicable data protection laws.</p>