<p>Fraudulently issuing chargebacks for purchases made on Discord violates our <a href="https://discord.com/terms#:~:text=Don%E2%80%99t%20use%20the%20services%20to%20do%20harm%20to%20Discord" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service</a>.</p>
<p>We may <a href="https://discord.com/terms#:~:text=Our%20right%20to%20terminate" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">suspend</a> accounts following a chargeback being filed to protect your account, our community, or our payment systems from potential abuse or fraud.</p>
<p>To avoid violating this policy, <strong>all refund or billing inquiry requests should be directed to our support team at <a href="http://dis.gd/billing" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">dis.gd/billing</a> instead.⁠⁠</strong></p>
<p>However, if your account has been suspended for this violation, you may appeal the suspension by submitting an appeal to Discord's Trust &amp; Safety Team at <a href="http://dis.gd/request" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">dis.gd/request</a>.</p>
<div class="toc-box">
<strong><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-x-large">What this article covers:</span><br></strong>
<ul>
<li><a href="#h_01J8JW8VS0J9QRGA79AN94DGTQ">What is a Chargeback</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01J8JW8VS0ZYGEPM0RQ79AVXZ5">What This Policy States</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01J8JW8VS0WDF989S6TT0EKPSQ">How to Avoid Violating This Policy</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01J8JW8VS02T6DJJ08FJRHVBTZ">How to Appeal a Chargeback Ban on Your Account</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h1 id="h_01J8JW8VS0J9QRGA79AN94DGTQ"><strong>What is a Chargeback</strong></h1>
<p>A chargeback occurs when a transaction is reported to a payment issuer as incorrect or unrecognized.</p>
<p>Filing a chargeback against a transaction made on Discord may result in account suspension pending further investigation on our end. This suspension is in line with Discord’s <a href="https://discord.com/terms#:~:text=Don%E2%80%99t%20use%20the%20services%20to%20do%20harm%20to%20Discord">Terms of Service</a> which prohibits actions that may cause harm to Discord and others.</p>
<p>This policy aims to maintain a safe and secure environment for our community while preventing potential abuse or fraud through our payment systems.</p>
<h2 id="h_01J8JW8VS0ZYGEPM0RQ79AVXZ5"><strong>What This Policy States</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Don’t use the services to do harm to Discord.</strong> </p>
<p>Among other things, this includes trying to gain access to or attacking our systems, scraping our services without our written consent, transmitting viruses or other malicious code to our services, abusing or defrauding us or our payment systems, copying our product or using our intellectual property without permission, and misusing our reporting or customer service mechanisms.</p>
<h1 id="h_01J8JW8VS0WDF989S6TT0EKPSQ"><strong>How to Avoid Violating This Policy</strong></h1>
<p>We take violations of this policy seriously due to the potential harm they may cause to Discord and others. Discord's right to terminate an account following such a violation is stated in our <a href="https://discord.com/terms#11:~:text=Our%20right%20to%20terminate." target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service. </a></p>
<div class="form-box">
<strong>If you require a refund due to a payment issue or unrecognized activity, or if you have any billing questions, please contact our support team at <a href="http://dis.gd/billing" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">dis.gd/billing</a>. </strong>Our team will assist you according to our policies and guidelines.</div>
<h1 id="h_01J8JW8VS02T6DJJ08FJRHVBTZ"><strong>How to Appeal a Chargeback Ban on Your Account</strong></h1>
<p>We value transparency and are committed to protecting Discord and others from harm. If your account has been suspended due to a violation of this policy, you can appeal the enforcement action taken through <a href="https://dis.gd/request" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">our support form</a>.</p>
<p>On the form, select <em>“<strong>Appeal an action taken on my account or bot”</strong></em> from the <em>“<strong>How can we help?”</strong></em> dropdown menu.</p>
<p>In the “<strong><em>What would you like to appeal?</em>”</strong> section, select <strong>“<em>An action taken on my account</em>”.</strong></p>
<p><strong>To assist with our investigation, please provide the following information in your appeal:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The reason the chargeback was filed</li>
<li>If applicable, evidence of chargeback claim withdrawal</li>
<li>Screenshot of the disputed transaction on your billing statement.
<ul>
<li>Please ensure the screenshot displays the amount and date of transaction along with the descriptor.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<div class="warn-box">
<strong>Important: </strong>
<ul>
<li>We do not accept Discord receipts as proof as payment and this screenshot must be directly from the payment source.</li>
<li>Please note that all data associated with accounts suspended for chargebacks is deleted or anonymized 90 days after the suspension process begins.</li>
<li>If you submit your appeal after this 90-day period, we will no longer have any record of the account's existence and, consequently, will be unable to process your appeal.</li>
</ul>
</div>