<p>Discord offers tools that game developers can use to power various social and communication features within their games. For you as a player, this means some aspects of your in-game experience will be powered by Discord—which can include in-game voice chat and friends lists, as well as the ability to directly link your Discord account to unlock additional features (such as a combined friends list and seamless messaging across the game and Discord).</p><p>You can enjoy what you love about Discord directly in your game! Even without a Discord account, it's never been easier to keep the party going—whether you're actively playing or just hanging out. </p><div class="toc-box">
<p><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-x-large"><strong>What this article covers:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e2182f57b9bb043b2563cd32a908992d8"><a href="#h_01K98H93HWM35X5Z6FN0AF59NH">How do I make the most out of my linked Discord account?</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="eee5ea4d38e277b4889885b8d0dd674a2"><a href="#h_01JPJ2EJNKJN1YZ2D2WEQPHRV0">Frequently Asked Questions</a></li>
</ul>
</div><h1 id="h_01K98H93HWM35X5Z6FN0AF59NH"><strong>How do I Make the Most Out of My Linked Discord Account?</strong></h1><p><iframe style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9; width: 100%;" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/XJZx5P_UXCE?&amp;rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe></p><h1 id="h_01JPJ2EJNKJN1YZ2D2WEQPHRV0"><strong>Frequently Asked Questions</strong></h1><p><strong>Q: Does that mean I need a registered Discord account to play the game?</strong></p><p>A: Players will not be required to connect a registered Discord account to play games that integrate Discord-powered social features.</p><p><strong>Q: Can I exchange messages with my friends on Discord while playing this game?</strong></p><p>A: Yes, in some games, players are able to exchange messages with friends across Discord while they’re in-game, even if their friends aren’t playing in the same game.</p><p><strong>Q: Will this integration impact my game performance?</strong></p><p>A: These integrations are designed to avoid impacting game performance.</p><p><strong>Q: Am I required to use the in-game features that enable me to send/receive Discord messages and view my Discord friends from within a game?</strong></p><p>A: No, the social features that enable you to to send/receive Discord messages and view your Discord friends from within a game are optional. You can choose whether to use them.</p><p><strong>Q: Do I need to connect my Discord account to view my Discord friends on my in-game friends list? </strong></p><p>A: Yes. If you want to view your Discord friends on your in-game friends list, you will need to connect your Discord account.</p><p><strong>Q: Do I need to connect my Discord account to be able to send or receive messages in the game?</strong></p><p>A: You can use the game’s messaging features without connecting your Discord account. In-game communication functions, such as direct messages with friends, can work without the need for a connected Discord account.</p><p>If you choose to connect your Discord account, you'll gain the added convenience of sending and receiving some of those same in-game messages on Discord. The connection simply extends where you can access your conversations – your friends can continue chatting with you in-game even if they haven't connected their own Discord accounts.</p><p><strong>Q: What will the game developer be able to do with my Discord messages?</strong></p><p>A: Before connecting your Discord account, you'll see a clear permissions screen outlining the data that you’re authorizing the game to receive from your Discord account. Developers are only permitted to use this data to power the integration, which includes accessing messages that appear in their game for moderation purposes.  </p><p>For more information about the developer’s data practices, please review the developer’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can review and revoke your account connection at any time through your Discord <strong>Connections</strong> tab within the <strong>User Settings</strong>.</p><p><strong>Q: What will Discord do with my messages from the game that appear in Discord?</strong></p><p>A: Messages sent from the game that appear on Discord are treated like any other message on Discord consistent with Discord's<a href="http://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Terms of Service</a> and<a href="http://discord.com/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Privacy Policy</a>. </p><p><strong>Q: Which messages from the game will be synced with Discord?</strong></p><p>A: <strong>Direct messages</strong> with a Discord user or in-game friends will be shown in Discord for linked users.</p><p><strong>Lobby text messages</strong> will not be in Discord, <em>unless</em> that lobby is linked to a Discord channel. </p><p>Messages in <strong>Linked Channels </strong>will be displayed in Discord, regardless of whether an account is linked.</p><p><strong>Q: If I'm messaging someone on Discord, how can I tell when they’re messaging me from within a game?</strong></p><p>A: When a user is sending a message from within a game, a <strong>controller icon</strong> will appear next to their name as a visual indicator.</p><p><strong>Q: How can I tell when I’m sending messages in a Linked Channel? </strong></p><p>A: There are a few visual indicators that you are viewing a Linked Channel while on Discord. You will see a <strong>controller icon</strong> at the top right corner of the <strong>channel</strong> <strong>symbol</strong>. You will also see the title of the game that’s linked. </p><p>In the desktop app, it will be next to the channel name in the header; in the mobile app, it will be in the channel profile. In addition, a system message will be sent in the channel notifying members that the channel has been linked to a game.</p><div class="info-box"><span style="color: #434343;"><span data-darkreader-inline-color=""><strong>Note: </strong></span><span data-darkreader-inline-color="">If you’re running into an issue connecting your Discord account to your game, please reach out to the game developer for further assistance. </span><span data-darkreader-inline-color="">Discord Support is not able to assist with in-game connection of accounts.</span></span></div>