<p>Abusing or defrauding Discord or our payment system violates our <a href="https://discord.com/terms#:~:text=Don%E2%80%99t%20use%20the%20services%20to%20do%20harm%20to%20Discord" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service</a>.</p><p>If your account was suspended for <strong>Fraudulent Charge</strong>, it means our systems identified fraudulent activity related to payments made through your account.</p><p>We take these violations seriously. When Discord detects or is notified of fraud linked to an account, we may suspend the account to maintain a safe and secure environment for our community while preventing potential abuse or fraud through our payment systems.</p><p><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-large"><strong>What this article covers:</strong></span></p><ul>
<li><a href="#h_01K39JY3R0KWFY33HPV00SCDF8">Discord’s Policy on Fraudulent Charges</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01K39JYNT6CCZ5EMCCMGP41RVE">How do I appeal a fraudulent charge suspension?</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01K39K7XXMZC7N75W8DDJ7HR3J">How can I avoid a fraudulent charge suspension in the future?</a></li>
<li><a href="#h_01K39JZM0F44MZTVVG0K9NS8PN">For More Information</a></li>
</ul><h1 id="h_01K39JY3R0KWFY33HPV00SCDF8">Discord’s Policy on Fraudulent Charges</h1><p><strong>Don’t use the services to do harm to Discord.</strong></p><p>Among other things, this includes trying to gain access to or attacking our systems, scraping our services without our written consent, transmitting viruses or other malicious code to our services, abusing or defrauding us or our payment systems, copying our product or using our intellectual property without permission, and misusing our reporting or customer service mechanisms.</p><h1 id="h_01K39JYNT6CCZ5EMCCMGP41RVE">How do I appeal a fraudulent charge suspension?</h1><p>If your account has been found in violation of our <a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service</a> due to a Fraudulent Charge, the suspension is considered permanent and is not eligible for appeal.</p><h1 id="h_01K39K7XXMZC7N75W8DDJ7HR3J">How can I avoid a fraudulent charge suspension in the future?</h1><p>Only use payment methods that you are authorized to use.</p><h1 id="h_01K39JZM0F44MZTVVG0K9NS8PN">For More Information</h1><p>To learn more about Discord policies on fraudulent activity, check out these resources below:</p><ul>
<li><a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord’s Terms of Service</a></li>
<li>
<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360045765792-Reporting-Unauthorized-Discord-Transactions" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Reporting Unauthorized Discord Transactions </a><br> </li>
</ul>