<p>Abusing or defrauding Discord or our payment system violates our <a href="https://discord.com/terms#:~:text=Don%E2%80%99t%20use%20the%20services%20to%20do%20harm%20to%20Discord" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service</a>.</p><p>When we receive a fraud report from a payment method owner regarding a purchase made on Discord, we take that seriously. These reports indicate that the transaction was reported as unauthorized or unrecognized.</p><p>In response, we may <a href="https://discord.com/terms#:~:text=Our%20right%20to%20terminate" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">suspend</a> your account to protect our platform from potential abuse, fraud, or misuse of our payment systems. This is done in line with our responsibility to maintain a safe and secure environment for all users.</p><p>If your account has already been suspended for this violation, you can appeal by submitting a request to Discord's Trust &amp; Safety Team at <a href="http://dis.gd/request" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">dis.gd/request</a>.</p><p><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-large"><strong>What this article covers:</strong></span></p><ul>
<li>How do I appeal an unauthorized transaction suspension?</li>
<li>How can I avoid an unauthorized transaction in the future?</li>
<li>For More Information</li>
</ul><h1 id="h_01K39KETZDRG7YVYQE900SWKN7">How do I appeal an unauthorized transaction suspension?</h1><p>If you believe this action was taken in error, you can submit an appeal within 48 hours of receiving the suspension notice.</p><p>To appeal a suspension, follow the steps below:</p><p>1. Visit <a href="https://dis.gd/request">https://dis.gd/request</a></p><p>2. Select <strong>Appeals &amp; Age Update Requests</strong> as the request type from the “<em><strong>How can we help?</strong></em>” dropdown menu</p><p>3. In the “<em><strong>What would you like to appeal?</strong></em>” section, select <strong>An action taken on my account</strong>.</p><p>4. Include one of the following with your appeal:</p><ul>
<li>A screenshot of your most recent Discord transaction(s) from your billing statement<ul><li>Please ensure the screenshot displays the amount and date of transaction along with the descriptor.</li></ul>
</li>
<li>OR, A photo of the card (physical or virtual) used on Discord<ul>
<li>All digits must be obscured except the last 4</li>
<li>Include a note in the photo showing your full Discord username and the current date</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul><div class="warn-box">
<strong>Important:</strong> If you're not the cardholder, the person who owns the payment method must withdraw all open fraud report requests within 48 hours to restore account access.</div><h1 id="h_01K39KSRXM25Y3VYP8GNEWY9QF">How can I avoid an unauthorized transaction in the future?</h1><p>Only use payment methods that you are authorized to use.</p><p>Before submitting a fraud report to Discord, we recommend:</p><ul>
<li>Reviewing your Discord account(s) to make sure the charges are not on an account you own</li>
<li>Or reaching out to any family members who you may have previously authorized to use your payment method/card</li>
</ul><p>If you notice any unauthorized charge(s) on your Discord account, please refer to our <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/360045765792-Reporting-Unauthorized-Discord-Transactions" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Reporting Unauthorized Discord Transactions</a> article for more information.</p><h1 id="h_01K39KSHS5VZPHAEDPJ41EHKX6">For More Information</h1><p id="docs-internal-guid-5e665a39-7fff-df4b-67e6-a07986e1107a">To learn more about Discord policies on fraudulent activity, check out these resources below:</p><ul>
<li><p id="docs-internal-guid-5e665a39-7fff-df4b-67e6-a07986e1107a"><a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord’s Terms of Service</a></p></li>
<li><p id="docs-internal-guid-5e665a39-7fff-df4b-67e6-a07986e1107a"><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/360045765792-Reporting-Unauthorized-Discord-Transactions" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Reporting Unauthorized Discord Transactions</a><br> </p></li>
</ul>