<div class="toc-box">
<p><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-x-large"><strong>What this article covers:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li class="wysiwyg-list-bold" data-list-item-id="e2248cf5342de0afb67a34fbd2d462c70"><a href="#h_01K640AM1QZAXZ8H7P8Y58MEAM"><strong>What is a Bug?</strong></a></li>
<li class="wysiwyg-list-bold" data-list-item-id="e0c1a21cd00a836439405a12310ed9c5f"><a href="#h_01K640AM1R2FBHC54GQQA58TFT"><strong>How do I Report a Bug?</strong></a></li>
<li class="wysiwyg-list-bold" data-list-item-id="eee468a256e71cfd016cd266d0df1270a"><a href="#h_01K640AM1RCFQFREHSFKQRDNFC"><strong>What is Discord Testers?</strong></a></li>
<li class="wysiwyg-list-bold" data-list-item-id="e5cf7228f931414b46a6c80fc14291136"><a href="#h_01GB8VR2A607B1TXP5CX4MF7CF"><strong>Discord Testers FAQ</strong></a></li>
</ul>
</div><h1 id="h_01K640AM1QZAXZ8H7P8Y58MEAM">What is a Bug?</h1><p>Bugs are unintended behavior of the Discord app that diminish a user's experience. </p><p>Think of the app crashing unexpectedly, or the "Add Friends to DM" button not letting you add your friends into a Group DM when you haven't reached the limit!</p><h1 id="h_01K640AM1R2FBHC54GQQA58TFT">How do I Report a Bug?</h1><p>When issues pop up that negatively impact Discord users, we want to be able to understand and fix it as soon as possible. Any user can help us by reporting the bugs! </p><p>Bug reports should be submitted with a ticket to the <a href="https://dis.gd/bugreport" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Bug Reporting form</a>. Be sure to fill out each field, as each is important. </p><p>The most helpful bug reports include:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e08f48db87d2a6968279460da82f9988d">A concise description of the bug, generally one sentence  </li>
<li data-list-item-id="e2bdb04aa2f2f4490f199a32135eab406">Simple step by step direction on how to make the bug occur</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e35b5804b8d95ec26d5f7f598711c69c5">Explanation of what you believe the behavior should be</li>
<li data-list-item-id="ecea38cafb57e45aaabd9f1ce63671c34">What is actually happening</li>
<li data-list-item-id="ee2a24bfffa09d08de6c3b656a9039a62">What version of Discord this occurs on</li>
<li data-list-item-id="eb2aa1741594665635ee413f7eebc5595">What device the bug occurs on</li>
</ul><p>There are some bug reports that are not currently supported. We ask that you check out this <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/1500005933882-Unsupported-Reports" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Unsupported Reports</a> article before submitting a bug report, to familiarize yourself with what topics are unsupported.</p><p>Additionally, if you're experiencing a bug related to Accessibility aka (A11Y), these issues can also be submitted via our <a href="https://dis.gd/bugreport" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Bug Reporting form.</a></p><h1 id="h_01K640AM1RCFQFREHSFKQRDNFC">What is Discord Testers?</h1><div class="warn-box">
<strong>Important:</strong> We're sorry to say that the opportunity to be considered for the Discord Testers server is currently unavailable. When the possibility arises again, we will announce it here!</div><p><strong>Discord Testers</strong> (also known as DTesters) is an official, invite only Discord server for adept volunteer bug testers. Our goal is to identify, reproduce, and provide high-quality bug reports. </p><p>We wanted to say a big thank you to those that took the time to fill out the recent Discord Testers Consideration Quiz. Your interest and participation means a lot to us. If you were one of the top performers, we have sent you an email with more information on what to do next.  Don't forget to check your spam folder for messages from @discordapp.com, just in case our email ended up there.</p><p>If you have not been contacted, we are sorry to say that you were not chosen this time around.  We understand that this is likely disappointing, but wanted to offer some guidance for the future.</p><p>For those interested in joining Discord Testers in the future, here are some valuable tips to help you prepare and shine on the quiz in the future:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e6de3efe324b57d683615fa21936291d0">Make sure to follow the quiz directions carefully</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e36a705def5b4c6e5333c9e1bfecf9a6c">Become familiar with Discord and its features</li>
<li data-list-item-id="eb0470fe9b1e024d4470b2a4f74f957bd">Utilize Discord support articles in the Help Center</li>
</ul><p>Periodically, new testers will be added and more information will be provided here as these opportunities arise.</p><h2 id="h_01GB8VR2A607B1TXP5CX4MF7CF"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Discord Tester FAQ</span></h2><p><strong>Q: How can I report bugs if I am not a part of the Discord Testers server?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: Bug reports should be submitted with a ticket to the </span><a href="https://dis.gd/bugreport" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Bug Reporting Form</a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Be sure to fill out each category, as each is important.</span></p><p><strong>Q: Are members of the Discord Testers server required to have previous experience?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: Members of the Discord Testers server are expected to have submitted quality bug reports prior to joining the server.</span></p><p><strong>Q: Are DTesters required to sign a non-disclosure agreement (NDA)?  Why?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: DTesters may be asked to test features that have not yet been released.  Due to the sensitive nature, an NDA is required to be signed.  If an invitation is extended to you, you are welcome to review the details of the NDA so you can decide whether to sign or not.</span></p><p><strong>Q: What is the time and submission requirement for a Discord Tester?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: DTesters are volunteers, and as such, we want to encourage them to find balance between DTesters activities and personal lives.  There is currently no minimum activity requirement, but complete inactivity for a long period of time may result in removal.</span></p><p><strong>Q: What is the minimum age requirement for DTesters?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: Discord users must be 13 years of age.  If a Discord Tester is between 13 and 18 years of age, a parent or guardian will need to sign the NDA as well as the tester.</span></p><p><strong>Q: Can I be a Discord Tester even if I don’t live in the United States?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: Discord is a place for all to find belonging, and we have DTesters from all around the world.  Clear written communication in English is necessary at this time. </span></p><p><strong>Q: Can I join DTesters if I don’t want to participate in bug reporting/testing?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: The new version of DTesters is for adept and active bug reporters/testers.</span></p><p><strong>How do I get a Bug Hunter Badge?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: Bug Hunter Badges are available to Discord Testers who meet specific requirements.</span></p><p><strong>Q: How can I prepare to be a tester?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: Check out the Discord Bugs article for guidance on the elements of a quality bug report.  Keep in mind that the most helpful bug reports are those that affect the usability and enjoyment of Discord.</span></p><p><strong>Q: Why was the original format of the DTesters server changed?</strong></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A: The original Discord Testers was a vast community of bug testers and curious folks alike, making it challenging to facilitate great communication.  Additionally, the size and scope of interests meant that the features that could be tested were limited. We’ve updated the program in order to provide more enjoyment and participation opportunities to the most active testers in the community.</span></p>