<p id="docs-internal-guid-049c56b0-7fff-7e78-fd90-a288ea246ee3">Partnered servers are at the forefront of the community. We want our Partnered servers to welcome all users, whether complete newcomers to Discord or expert users and longtime members. We look to our partners to provide a positive place for people to come together around their communities.</p>
<p>As a Partner, always remember to conduct yourself responsibly and treat others with respect, patience, and kindness. Whether you’re on-stream, chatting, or showing off the profile badge you’ve earned, your actions reflect on Discord itself.</p>
<p>We require owners, admins, and moderators in Partnered servers to uphold the rules in this Partner Code of Conduct and those detailed in our <a href="https://discordapp.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service</a> and <a href="https://discordapp.com/guidelines">Community Guidelines</a>. </p>
<p>Failure to uphold these standards will lead to a warning, both through email and in the application itself, and a chance to correct the violation. If action is not taken on the reported content within 48 hours, we will take additional action, including removing the partnership status. Any further violations of the Partner Code of Conduct may also remove the partnership.</p>
<p>The following Code of Conduct outlines our requirements for Partnered servers.</p>
<h1 id="h_01HDF61HV95WE2K4TTMSXP45FV"><strong>I. BEHAVIOR AND ENGAGEMENT WITH USERS</strong></h1>
<p>As a Partner, always consider how others may perceive your statements. Even if you intend something as a joke, there may be others who do not see it as such.</p>
<p>This does not mean we will revoke the partnership if a user says something offensive in your server. We understand the challenges of moderating big servers — especially ones with users from all over the world. However, we expect you to build a moderation team that will take action on issues within a reasonable timeframe. Having no moderation or claiming the server is too big to moderate is unacceptable.</p>
<p>Partnered servers should be an example of the best communities that Discord offers, so we have a higher standard for the conversation and moderation of those servers. The following are prohibited in a partnered Discord:</p>
<ul>
<li>Discriminatory jokes and hate speech (attacks on an individual or group based on their race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, or disabilities)</li>
<li>Moderators or admins make verbal abuse, insults, and threats towards others or display offensive, derogatory, or explicit content.</li>
<li>Advocating for or encouraging any of the above behavior.</li>
<li>Selling a Partnered server or account is prohibited.</li>
</ul>
<p>As a Discord Partner and a representative of Discord, you should be on good behavior on the Discord platform, across other social media platforms, and in real life. If we are made aware of situations where you are representing Discord poorly by, for example, violating other platforms' Terms of Service or acting in a manner that is unbecoming of a Discord Partner, we may rescind the Partner status. Without warning, we reserve the right to de-partner any community based on their behavior, both on and off Discord.</p>
<h1 id="h_01HDF606WKS15A0CCMW6J7436A"><strong>II. ADULT CONTENT GUIDELINES</strong></h1>
<p>Explicit pornographic content does not have a place in Partnered servers. This includes videos, gifs, or still images depicting explicit sexual actions, whether real or illustrated and detailed verbal descriptions of explicit sexual acts. The Discord Partners Program is designed to highlight awesome communities and content creators and generally be welcoming to those of all ages. </p>
<p>However, conversations around adult topics are allowed — we understand that there are Partnered servers that deal with sensitive and difficult topics, and we welcome those conversations and communities. In those servers, those channels should be clearly marked and opt-in. </p>
<h1 id="h_01HDF5ZX227CT4RKNEAV83XBZ4"><strong>III. REPRESENTATIONS AND MISREPRESENTATIONS</strong></h1>
<p>Servers are Partnered based on their content and community at the point of application and for what that community will likely grow into. That means we expect your Discord will continue to be about the subject you applied for.</p>
<ul>
<li>If you (the partner) are a content creator, your server should be centered around your content. Switching to a community-based server will void your partnership. </li>
<li>If you are a community server, your server’s focus should be the content under which you applied for partnership. Switching or repurposing the server from its original purpose will void your partnership.</li>
</ul>
<p>In short, we don’t appreciate a bait-and-switch. It’s totally understandable if you are a content creator and change from one game to another, but it’s less reasonable if you’re a community around RPGs and one day you delete all channels and change to be about your interest in football or vice versa.</p>
<p>Finally, you (the partner) must maintain ownership of your partnered Discord server to stay in the program. If you delete or transfer ownership for any reason without communication to Discord, your partnership, and all Discord perks will be revoked. </p>
<h1 id="h_01HDF5ZMR1PF1W7SJ8EWP46S0N"><strong><span style="color: #274e13;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">IV. MAINTAINING QUALITY CONTENT</span></strong></h1>
<p><span style="color: #274e13;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Content creators or communities are expected to create original content. Complete copying or plagiarizing another party’s content will result in immediate removal from the partner program. We want our Partnered servers to reflect active Discord communities and users well. </span></p>
<h3 id="h_01HDF5YXEWKE3GX8Y89H1AZEEK"><span style="color: #274e13;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Please note: We have the right to update this Code of Conduct at any time, and as Discord evolves, so may our expectations for our Partners. If this Code of Conduct changes, we'll communicate those changes to you (the partner) accordingly. </span></h3>
<p>As a Discord Partner, always remember to conduct yourself responsibly and treat others the way you’d like to be treated. We want to ensure that you are a shining example of the best parts of the platform and a prime example that other users should strive to be. Be the awesome you want to see in the world.</p>