<h3><strong>DISCORD AND ITS OFFICIAL STAFF WILL NEVER DIRECTLY MESSAGE YOU ANY OFFERS IN YOUR DMS. <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360037660611" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">PLEASE BE CAUTIOUS OF DMS FROM STRANGERS AND BOTS OFFERING FREE NITRO.</a></strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The following FAQs are only applicable during the initial, trial period. After your trial period has ended and your subscription has begun, you can refer to our general</span> <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000435108" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Nitro</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and</span> <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360028038352" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Boosting</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> FAQs!</span></p>
<h1><strong>Canceling Nitro Subscription</strong></h1>
<p><strong>Can I cancel during my free trial period?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Yes, you may cancel at any time before the end of your trial. When this occurs, you’ll finish out your trial period, and we will not charge you on the renewal date.</span></p>
<p><strong>How do I cancel my trial?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you’d like to cancel, open </span><strong>User Settings</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> &gt; select </span><strong>Subscriptions</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> then </span><strong>Cancel</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> next to your subscription.</span></p>
<p><strong>I purchased Boosts during my free trial. What happens to them if I cancel my trial period?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your additional purchased Boost subscriptions will still be active! Keep in mind that if you cancel your Nitro subscription, you’ll no longer receive a 30% discount on Boost purchases, and your current Boosts will renew for their full amount on their renewal date.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Check User Settings &gt; Billing to see when your Boost subscriptions renew.</span></p>
<p><strong>I bought additional Boosts during my trial period, but I don’t want them to renew. How do I cancel?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You can also cancel your Boost subscriptions under </span><strong>User Settings</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> &gt; </span><strong>Subscriptions</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></p>
<h2><strong>Changing Nitro Subscriptions</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Can I change my Nitro plan from Yearly to Monthly or vice-versa? </strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">No, you may not make any Nitro plan changes during the free 30 days. You can upgrade or downgrade your Nitro subscription once the first 30 days are complete.</span></p>