<p>As an owner of a Community server, you and your moderation team are responsible for helping users find a place to hang out and be part of a new community. Here's what you'll need to be a Community. Your server must:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<strong>Have a title and description that accurately describes the server.</strong> Help potential members understand why they want to join. Be accurate here — no one likes being misled.</li>
<li>
<strong>Have clearly posted rules and guidelines.</strong> Clearly label what is and isn't allowed in your community. Effective rules define what kind of content and behavior is or isn't encouraged and tolerated.</li>
<li>
<strong>Have a moderator team.</strong> Moderators can help ensure nothing rule-breaking is happening in your community and can find meaningful ways for your members to engage. Build a moderator team that members of your community can trust and turn to for help.</li>
<li>
<strong>Foster a healthy and positive environment.</strong> People should feel welcome in your community. Create spaces where people want to spend time with each other, share interests, participate in community events, and build friendships. Do not cultivate general toxic behavior, harassment of others, or other derogatory content.</li>
<li>
<strong>Abide by the Community Guidelines and Terms of Service.</strong> This means that issues reported to Discord should be resolved, and your moderator team should know when to escalate issues to Trust &amp; Safety. Servers found to be facilitating violations against Discord's Community Guidelines and Terms of Service will be subject to further action from our Trust &amp; Safety Team.</li>
</ul>
<p>If your server is found violating these guidelines, your server may lose its status as a Community, and you may lose the ability to be discoverable on Discord.</p>
<p>In order for your server to be considered for becoming discoverable, your server must abide by the Community Server Guidelines. <strong>Please note that servers whose primary purpose is to facilitate sexually explicit content are not eligible for Discovery at this time.</strong></p>