<p>Effective Date: January 22, 2026</p><p>Welcome! Thank you for your interest in Discord's advertising business products and services (collectively, "Business Services"). The Business Services are “services” as defined in <a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">Discord’s Terms of Service</span></a>.</p><p>These Advertising Business Services Terms ("Business Terms") apply to your access to and use of the Business Services and set forth the legal obligations between us and you.</p><p>When we say "Discord," "we," "us," and "our" in these Business Terms, we mean Discord Inc. and its subsidiaries and related companies, unless otherwise set forth in additional terms applicable to a given Business Service.  When we say “Partner,” “you,” or “yours,” we mean the entity identified in an Insertion Order (“<strong>IO</strong>”)or other ordering document that has elected to use the Business Services.</p><p>When we say "Terms" in these Business Terms, we mean, collectively, these Business Terms, the applicable Insertion Order to which these Business Terms are incorporated by reference, our <a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">Terms of Service</span></a> (including our <a href="https://discord.com/guidelines" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">Discord Community Guidelines</span></a>), our <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/25516720403223-Ads-Policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">Ads Policy</span></a>, and any other applicable terms, policies, and guidelines we make available. If you use other Discord business products and services in connection with the Business Services, then the terms for those other products or services also apply to you. If there is a conflict among these documents, the following order of precedence applies (highest to lowest): (1) the applicable Insertion Order, (2) these Business Terms, and (3) any additional terms, policies, and guidelines. This order of precedence applies unless the conflicting provision in a lower-priority document expressly states that it controls over these Business Terms with respect to a specific subject matter.</p><p><strong>Important Note:</strong> Section 9: Disputes incorporates the <a href="https://discord.com/terms#16" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">dispute resolution provision</span></a> from our <a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">Terms of Service</span></a>, which includes an arbitration clause and class action waiver that applies to all U.S.-based Discord users including users of the Business Services. Please read this section carefully as it may significantly affect your legal rights, including your right to file a lawsuit in court.</p><p><strong>Section 1: Use of the Business Services</strong></p><p><strong>a. License to you</strong></p><p>Subject to your compliance with the Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable, revocable license to access and use the Business Services solely as necessary to optimize<em> </em>the applicable Ad campaign(s) (inclusive of Quests) on Discord to the extent permitted under the Terms. We reserve all rights, title, and interest not expressly granted in the Terms and you may not access or use the Business Services except as set forth in the Terms.</p><p><strong>b. Restrictions</strong></p><p>In addition to any restrictions under Discord’s Terms of Service, you will not (and will not attempt to or permit or enable others to): (i)  use the Business Services in a manner or for a purpose not permitted under these Business Terms; (ii) gather, access, or otherwise process any personal data via the Business Services for any purpose without Discord's prior written consent; (iii) transmit any malicious code, viruses, or other harmful software that could damage or impair the Business Services; (iv) sell, resell, rent, lease, transfer, license, sublicense, or provide access to the Business Services, and the information contained therein, without Discord's express prior written approval; (v) use the Business Services to build a competing product or service, or (vi) use the Business Services, or any information contained therein, for the purposes of training any AI or machine learning model.</p><p><strong>Section 3: Representations and Warranties</strong></p><p>You represent and warrant that: (i) you are an entity validly existing and in good standing under the laws of your jurisdiction of incorporation or organization; (ii) you have the full power and rights to perform your obligations under these Business Terms; (iii) you will comply with the Business Terms and all applicable laws and regulations, including export control, economic sanctions, and anti-boycott laws when using the Business Services; and (iv) all information provided or made available by you via or in connection with your use of the Business Services is complete and accurate in all material respects.</p><p>If you are using the Business Services as agent for another individual or entity, then you represent and warrant that: (i) you are authorized to, and do, bind that individual or entity to these Business Terms; and (ii) all of your actions, and other such entities’ actions, in connection with these Business Terms are and will be within the scope of the agency relationship between you and that individual or entity, and in accordance with any applicable legal and fiduciary duties. If you are using the Business Services as principal in connection with services you provide to another individual or entity, then you represent and warrant that you will procure that such individual or entity will comply with, and you will remain primarily liable for any obligations ascribed to or actions taken by that individual or entity under these Business Terms.</p><p><strong>Section 4: Intellectual </strong>Property and Ownership</p><p>Discord owns all rights, title, and interest in the Business Services and any data, insights, analytics, or reports derived from the Business Services. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved Discord.</p><p><strong>Section 5: Termination</strong></p><p>Discord may terminate these Business Terms, and modify, suspend, terminate access to, or discontinue the availability of any Business Services, at any time in its sole discretion.<strong>  </strong>Where practicable, Discord will use reasonable efforts to provide advance notice of any material modification, suspension, or discontinuation of Business Services, but shall have no liability for failure to do so. Upon termination, you will immediately stop using the Business Service.</p><p><strong>Section 6: Warranty Disclaimer</strong></p><p>DISCORD MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE BUSINESS SERVICES. BUSINESS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. DISCORD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE BUSINESS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED SOLELY AT DISCORD'S DISCRETION AND DISCORD HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE, CONTINUE PROVIDING, OR TO UPDATE ANY BUSINESS SERVICES.  YOUR USE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BUSINESS SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO THE THIRD-PARTY’S TERMS. DISCORD IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.</p><p><strong>Section 7: Indemnification</strong></p><p>You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Discord and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents against all claims, liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and losses (including any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest, penalties and legal costs and all other reasonable professional costs and expenses) ("Claims") arising from or related to your breach of the Business Terms or any claim that your use of the Business Services violates any third party rights or applicable laws.  Discord will promptly notify you in writing of any indemnification claim, but any failure to notify you will not relieve you from any indemnity liability or obligation, except to the extent you are materially prejudiced by that failure. Discord will reasonably cooperate with you, at your expense, in connection with the defense of any indemnification claim. You will not compromise or settle any claim without Discord's prior written consent, which Discord may provide in its sole discretion.</p><p><strong>Section 8: Limitation of Liability</strong></p><p>IN NO EVENT WILL DISCORD OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS, OR FOR LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, OR FOR ANY EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; AND DISCORD AND ITS AFFILIATES AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS SERVICES SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) $100 AND (B) THE AMOUNT OF  FEES PAID OR PAYABLE TO DISCORD UNDER THE INSERTION ORDER GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.</p><p><strong>Section 9: Disputes</strong></p><p>For any disputes arising from or related to the Business Services, the <a href="https://discord.com/terms#16" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">“Settling disputes between you and Discord” section in our Terms of Service</span></a> applies, where references to the “services” will mean the Business Services, “these terms” will mean these Business Terms, and the date for emailing an opt-out notice is within 30 days of the applicable IO Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything contrary in the Discord Terms of Service, the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and New York law will apply, regardless of conflict of laws rules, to these Business Terms.  Any arbitration will be seated in and take place in New York, New York.  Any disputes that are not subject to arbitration will be resolved in the state and federal courts in New York, New York, and the parties each consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in these courts.  </p><p><strong>Section 10: Modifications</strong></p><p>We may update these Business Terms from time to time. We will provide you with reasonable notice and post updated terms in advance of the updated terms taking effect, unless the changes are urgent (for example, to comply with applicable law or correct non-material errors). If you continue to access or use the Business Services after the changes have taken effect, it means that you agree to the changes. If you do not agree, you must stop using the Business Services. You can review the most current version of these Business Terms at any time by visiting this page. </p><p><strong>Section 11: Miscellaneous</strong></p><p>To the extent permitted by law, we each agree to contract in the English language and if we provide a translation of the Business Terms, we do so for your convenience only and the English Terms will solely govern our relationship. The term “including” means “including without limitation.” The Business Terms do not create any third party beneficiary rights or any agency, partnership, or joint venture. Nothing in the Business Terms will limit either party's ability to seek injunctive relief. We are not liable for failure or delay in performance to the extent caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control. If you do not comply with the Business Terms, and Discord does not take action right away, this does not mean that Discord is giving up any rights that it may have (such as taking action in the future). If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. The Business Terms are the entire agreement between you and Discord relating to its subject and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements on that subject (unless, and solely to the extent, you and Discord have entered into a separate written agreement to expressly supersede). For information about how to contact Discord, please visit our <a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">Terms of Service</span></a>. You may not assign, sublicense, delegate, or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under the Business Terms to any third party without the prior written consent of Discord. For clarity, upon a Discord-approved transfer, the Business Terms apply to the transferee as “you” and they assume the obligations and liabilities of the transferor under the Business Terms. Any transfer in violation of this provision is null and void. Any change of control or material ownership of you is hereby deemed an assignment. </p>