<p>Effective Date: January 22, 2026</p><p><strong>Custom Audience Terms</strong></p><p>These Custom Audience Terms ("<strong>Custom Audience Terms</strong>") govern your use of Discord's Custom Audience services (the "<strong>Custom Audience Services</strong>"). These Custom Audience Terms incorporate by reference and are subject to the Discord Business Services Terms, available at <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/37866689137431-Advertising-Business-Service-Terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/37866689137431-Advertising-Business-Service-Terms</span></a> (the "<strong>Business Terms</strong>"). In the event of any conflict between these Custom Audience Terms and the Business Terms, the Custom Audience Terms shall control solely with respect to the Custom Audience Services. Any terms not specifically defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Business Terms.</p><p><strong>Section 1: Definitions</strong></p><p>a. "<span style="color: #444746;">Applicable Data Protection Laws" means all laws, regulations, and binding requirements relating to data protection and privacy applicable to the processing of Personal Data under this Agreement, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"), the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), and other state, federal, and international data protection laws, as applicable</span>.</p><p>b. “Custom Audiences” means audiences created by matching Customer Data with Discord user accounts for the purpose of targeting advertising or other communications to those matched users on the Discord platform.</p><p>c. "Customer Data" means Personal Data provided by you to Discord that enables Discord to match individuals with Discord user accounts to create Custom Audiences.</p><p>d. “Discord User Data” refers to the Personal Information and usage data collected by Discord from its users, all as further described in Discord’s Privacy Policy (<a href="http://www.discord.com/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span style="color: #0000ff;">www.discord.com/privacy</span></a>).</p><p>e. "Controller", "Processor", "Data Subject", "Personal Data", "processing", and other similar terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Applicable Data Protection Laws or, where such terms are not defined, shall have meanings consistent with the concepts described in the Applicable Data Protection Laws.<br><strong>Section 2: Purpose and Scope</strong></p><p>This Agreement governs your use of Discord’s Custom Audience Services related to the Ad campaign (inclusive of Quests) as specified in the applicable IO. To create Custom Audiences, you will provide Customer Data to Discord, which Discord will match with Discord User Data. Discord may also create lookalike targeting audiences of Discord users with similar characteristics to the members of your Custom Audiences ("Lookalike Audiences"). Following the creation of Custom Audiences and any Lookalike Audiences, Discord will share the outcome thereof with you. </p><p><strong>Section 3: Data Sharing Obligations</strong></p><p><strong>a. Additional Warranties; Indemnification</strong></p><p>You agree, represent and warrant that the provision of Customer Data to Discord complies with the requirements of Applicable Law. More specifically, you agree, represent and warrant to: (i) exclude any sensitive personal information or special category personal data as defined under Applicable Data Protection Laws from the Customer Data; (ii) exclude any Personal Data relating to users under the age of 13 or the applicable age of consent under Applicable Law in the jurisdiction where such data was collected, whichever is greater, from the Customer Data; (iii) obtain and maintain all necessary and legally compliant legal bases as set out in Data Privacy Laws, rights and licenses from end users necessary for Discord to process the Customer Data; (iv) communicate any exercise of Data Subject rights of your end users contained in the Customer Data such as rectification, erasure or restriction of processing to Discord, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort; and (v) in your privacy notice<del> </del>disclose to its end user that their Personal Data is shared with third parties for processing.</p><p><strong>b. Provision of Customer Data.</strong> </p><p>You will provide Customer Data as mutually agreed by the Parties in writing (email shall suffice) during the Term. The specific format and method of Customer Data transfer shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties in writing prior to any transfer, or as otherwise through means made available by Discord, such as an API or online environment.</p><p><strong>c. Discord Restrictions.  </strong>Discord will: (a) delete or de-identify Customer Data that does not match a Discord user account after the matching process is complete; (b) not permit other advertisers to use your Custom Audiences to target ads to Discord users, unless expressly approved by you in writing; and (c) not share Customer Data or Custom Audiences with third parties except for: (i) service providers as necessary to perform the matching process to create Custom Audiences; and (ii) as required by applicable laws or regulations.</p><p><strong>Section 4: Data Protection Obligations</strong></p><p>For the collection of Customer Data and the provision of such Customer Data to Discord, you act as an independent Controller and are solely responsible and liable for compliance with Applicable Data Protection Laws. </p><p>Discord acts as a Processor on your behalf solely for the matching of Customer Data. The Parties agree that Discord will process such Customer Data pursuant to the Data Processing Agreement (Discord as a Processor) available here <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/37891902561687-Data-Processing-Agreement-Discord-as-a-Processor" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/37891902561687-Data-Processing-Agreement-Discord-as-a-Processor</span></a>, which is incorporated by this reference and made part of this Agreement.</p><p>Discord remains an independent Controller with respect to the processing of Discord User Data.</p><p><strong>Section 5: Data Retention and Deletion</strong></p><p>Discord shall retain Customer Data only as necessary to provide the Custom Audiences Services, and will delete the Customer Data promptly, after the creation of the Custom Audience, upon termination of this Agreement, or upon your written request. Discord may retain Customer Data only as required by law, with notice to you where permitted, maintaining confidentiality and limiting use to legal compliance purposes.<br> </p>