<h1 id="h_01KJTPWCKXGDPVXHQRJRAZKNQ4">What is the Update? </h1><p>Updated clients which support the DAVE (<em>Audio &amp; Video End-to-End Encryption</em>) Protocol are now required to connect to non-stages voice calls across the Discord Platform.</p><p>If you attempt to connect with an out-of-date client, the voice gateway will reject your connection with close code 4017.</p><h1 id="h_01KJTPT2S52YBYV9RZD0VWQFVS">[Monitoring] Compatibility Mode Issue</h1><p><strong>Update as of March 3rd, 12:35PM PST</strong></p><p>We've discovered that some users cannot update their Discord app on Windows because they have set Discord to "<strong>Compatibility Mode</strong>" and as a result get stuck on the last version of Discord that supported Windows 8. </p><p>It is a persistent issue and any attempt to re-install the app will reinstall the old version.</p><h2 id="h_01KJTPTEP12V5AS0YZTQE0RP15">How Can I Resolve This Issue? </h2><p>The only solution at the moment is to disable <strong>Compatibility Mode</strong> for the Discord executable and to fully restart the application so that the app picks up the update.</p><h1 id="h_01KJTTCFWZSC2B7Y5W2S3WYSHP">[Resolved] Chrome OS Device Issues</h1><p><strong>Update as of March 3rd, 1:30PM PST</strong></p><p>We were investigating issues with some up-to-date ChromeOS devices connecting to voice channels. Our team has fixed the issue, and this issue should now be resolved.</p><p>If you were experiencing this issue, please restart your app or device in order to receive the update. </p><h1 id="h_01KJTPTNSPHT71MQSTTMBFH3KT">For More Information</h1><p>See our Help Center article for <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/38025123604631" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Minimum Client Version Requirements</a> and <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/25968222946071" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">End to End Encryption for Audio and Video</a> for further details.</p><div class="info-box">For more information and updates, head to our status page at <a href="https://discordstatus.com/">https://discordstatus.com/</a>. </div><p> </p>