<p>The Take It Down Act (TIDA) is a law that allows certain individuals to request the removal of intimate images shared or created without their consent, sometimes referred to as “revenge porn” or “non-consensual pornography.” It requires covered platforms, like Discord, to provide a clear reporting process, review qualifying removal requests, remove covered content within a defined timeframe, and take reasonable steps to limit the spread of that content.</p><h1 id="h_01KNAZCSTZ7N6X27ZSQ064S3Z3">Your Rights and Our Responsibilities Under TIDA</h1><p>If you are authorized to make a request under TIDA, you, or a representative acting on your behalf, may:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e40b26a48f981c192e114a732cabde91a">Notify Discord of any “<a href="https://www.congress.gov/119/plaws/publ12/PLAW-119publ12.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">non-consensual intimate visual depiction</a>” published on Discord that depicts you and was published without your consent; and,</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e371fdcfdf251580e4cb7bad7f2285329">Submit a request for Discord to remove the depiction. For more details about how to submit a removal request, you can refer to our <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/38675715591831" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">help article</a>.</li>
</ul><p>So that we can help you, please make sure that your TIDA removal request meets these requirements:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e9692b2605f293e64174b09faa39b0480">You are identifiable in the content or via the context in which it is displayed (for example, your face is visible or your name is mentioned);</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e7b3478209e5af8160f1abd46828c23ce">The content shows you nude or engaged in sexual activity; and,</li>
<li data-list-item-id="edb99ae6dba1d2eae502bc39d83b0a12e">The content was published without your consent.</li>
</ul><p>Discord may also action content submitted for removal through this process even if it does not meet the criteria under the Take It Down Act such as for violation of our Community Guidelines, or where other laws may apply.</p><p>Under TIDA, Discord, as a covered platform, is required to:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e9ae1863dc58ef63a1a084852324e2fc1">Maintain a clear and accessible process that allows a depicted individual (or their authorized representative) to request the removal of non-consensual intimate visual depictions;</li>
<li data-list-item-id="eb9f7b105cd477b14a6538893ab9060f5">Review each removal request and determine whether it satisfies the requirements of the law;</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e2a7cd4f90e1229297e136e2298e9f905">Remove the reported content within the 48 hour time period required by law when a valid request is received; and,</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e02c1f96740063f27b131ce6d4211d17d">Make reasonable efforts to identify and remove known copies of the same non-consensual intimate visual depiction.</li>
</ul><h1 id="h_01KNAZH3141MSDQZWBAZTTSNPW">What to Expect After You Submit a Removal Request Under TIDA</h1><p>We will promptly review your removal request to confirm that it meets the requirements of TIDA. If the request is complete and valid, we will remove the reported content within 48 hours. We will also make reasonable efforts to identify and remove known copies of the content.</p><p>If your submission is incomplete, we may be unable to process your request until sufficient information is provided.</p>