<h1 id="h_01HE63KCD3YWY1KR78PWXQPHPV">What is this Temporary Hold?</h1>
<p>We may place a temporary hold on your payment method when you make a purchase or activate a trial/promotion subscription. This is to help Discord confirm the payment method works as expected and to prevent the use of fraudulent payment methods.</p>
<p>This charge will appear in your Discord transaction history, and it may appear as a hold on your payment method. <span id="docs-internal-guid-7da1dd51-7fff-ca11-4b83-6aec3106912a">We immediately reverse the temporary hold, which will be indicated as <strong>Canceled</strong> in your Discord transaction history. </span></p>
<p><span id="docs-internal-guid-7da1dd51-7fff-ca11-4b83-6aec3106912a">Your bank may take longer to remove the hold from your payment method. </span></p>
<div class="info-box">
<strong>Note: </strong>Banks will usually remove the temporary hold from your account within a few business days.</div>
<h2 id="h_01HE63KCD315Q0FZ692MD61F6Z">What if I still see a Charge on my account or payment method? </h2>
<p>Your bank should release the hold in a matter of days after we reverse the charge.</p>
<div class="form-box">If your Discord transaction history does not show the hold released after 5 business days, please let us know at <a href="https://dis.gd/contact">https://dis.gd/contact</a>, and our support team will be able to investigate this issue further.</div>
<h2 id="h_01HE63KCD30NYPJHKK2Y8PS0ER">I see a "Sorry, This Payment Source Cannot Be Used for Redemption" error when trying to redeem my promo link.</h2>
<p>If you're seeing a "Sorry, This Payment Source Cannot Be Used for Redemption" error, that means that the payment method you've selected to cover the temporary hold cannot be used for that purpose.</p>
<div class="warn-box">Please keep in mind that prepaid payment methods, such as Gcash, cannot be used to cover temporary holds due to the nature of how prepaid payment methods function.</div>