<div class="exp-box">
<strong>NOTE</strong>:<br>The Euro is available in the following countries on Desktop only at this time: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland.</div><p>We’re continually working to make our subscriptions more accessible so you can have more fun on Discord. <span id="docs-internal-guid-b4647634-7fff-cbc6-0987-3a1a88dffbb6">We offer localized pricing for certain subscriptions and Discord purchases in some countries on the desktop, mobile, and web apps.</span></p><div class="toc-box">
<p><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-x-large"><strong>What this article covers:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e871bedaf25dddb85b0d56f6bb23f94ee"><a href="#h_01GFV5SGYJM37SG12BRM7HQSCC" target="_self" rel="undefined">How do I get local pricing?</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="ebe9098b45490cb7e5c73f1fae9559f9b"><a href="#h_01GFV5T14GW6CXF9VYAJRM04X9" target="_self" rel="undefined">Localized Prices</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e9c58fe21736fe8efe099ffee8bc3de83">
<a href="#h_01GFV5T5AWPB202ZXZ3Z8MNJ9D" target="_self" rel="undefined">Frequently Asked Questions</a><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="eb16074f4b4fd80f4f0c1b3225df36832"><a href="#h_01JSQCTJ2K7BGDBJENQX1MZNKH">General Localized Pricing Information</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e486cf49ce7d34135c96cf7738083fab6"><a href="#h_01JSQCZJZWESYQXKBAD6PBP263">Specific Location-Based Information</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div><h1 id="h_01GFV5SGYJM37SG12BRM7HQSCC">How do I get local pricing?</h1><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="ec7c6d862130b5b0af413de83b188444b">To get localized pricing, you must have a payment method based in a country where Discord offers localized pricing. </li>
<li data-list-item-id="e2ae563c2bb540c75d72cb12ee00b279b">JCB, Discover, Diners Club, UnionPay, and AMEX currently do not support localized pricing. <em>Additionally, certain Brazilian banks do not support BRL.</em>
</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e41219d88b708abf85562270f6d4cbbea">If you are using an eligible payment method, you will automatically switch to the new price + currency. The change will take effect at your next billing cycle.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e091612a04b94cd1d320e057f6d88dba0">If you use a payment method that does not support, or are located in a region where Discord doesn't offer localized pricing, our system will automatically charge in USD instead.</li>
</ul><div class="book-box">Looking for region specific payment methods? Check out this article <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360017693772" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">here</a> for a list of acceptable payment methods.</div><h1 id="h_01GFV5T14GW6CXF9VYAJRM04X9">Localized Prices</h1><div class="info-box">Discord periodically adjusts prices to ensure alignment with local markets. We offer localized pricing in a variety of currencies within Brazil, Turkey, Poland, Australia, Peru, Philippines, Colombia, Chile, Japan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Mexico, Great Britain, Canada, and Korea.</div><p>If localized pricing is available in your region, it may apply to certain purchase, such as:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e964ca22a3b26e9ee57c2a061191ef5d6">
<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/115000435108-What-are-Nitro-Nitro-Basic" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Nitro and Nitro Basic </a>subscriptions</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e2fd08a6b8a701139e99a90818f7dd3e6">
<a href="https://support.discord.com/articles/360028038352-Server-Boosting-FAQ" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Server Boosts and Server Boosting </a>subscriptions</li>
<li data-list-item-id="ea7df15d1b74831b2ef0e19008dc2fb93">
<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/17162747936663-Shop-FAQ" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord Shop</a> purchases</li>
</ul><div class="info-box">Some gifts, including Nitro and Shop gifts, are not available at localized prices. Select regions can pay in their local currency, but the cost will still correspond to the standard USD price.</div><h1 id="h_01GFV5T5AWPB202ZXZ3Z8MNJ9D"><strong>Frequently Asked Questions</strong></h1><p>This FAQ is divided into two sections:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e191329a7d83279ff9cf348db72b41675"><a href="#h_01JSQCTJ2K7BGDBJENQX1MZNKH">General Localized Pricing Information</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e94756e4519d4c90bfa920c995988fb0a"><a href="#h_01JSQCZJZWESYQXKBAD6PBP263">Specific Location-Based Information</a></li>
</ul><h2 id="h_01JSQCTJ2K7BGDBJENQX1MZNKH">General Localized Pricing Information</h2><p><strong>Q: What about other countries?</strong></p><p>A: We’re always looking to improve Nitro, but we have no updates to share on pricing in other countries at this time.</p><p><strong>Q: I’m a desktop subscriber in one of these countries, how come I don’t have localized prices?</strong></p><p>A: Go to the Subscriptions page - if you don’t see the localized price listed for your subscription, make sure you have a valid payment method and that the payment method is issued by a bank in one of the eligible countries. You should then receive a popup asking you to confirm your localized price.  </p><p><strong>Q: How can I see if I am receiving a localized price?</strong></p><p>A: The desktop subscriptions settings page will show you what price you are receiving for Nitro. If it doesn’t currently show the localized price, you may still be eligible. Please note that only certain Nitro tiers are eligible for localized pricing at this time, not all.</p><p><strong>Q: Why is my price for Nitro different from my friends?</strong></p><p>A: Discord regularly reviews and updates prices based on factors like your location, local market conditions, currency exchange rates, and regional operating costs. We also test different pricing approaches to better understand what works best for our community.</p><p>If your subscription price changes, we'll always notify you in advance so you know what to expect and can manage your subscription before any new prices take effect.</p><p><strong>Q: When does the new price take effect?</strong></p><p>A: At your next billing cycle. </p><p><strong>Q: Do Nitro Gifts and Shop gifts have localized pricing?</strong></p><p>A: Some gifted items, both Shop items and Nitro gifts of all tiers, are available at localized prices.</p><p>If paying in your local currency is unavailable, the purchase will default to USD ($). You can see at the final checkout whether your purchase is in localized pricing or USD ($) if you see the relevant currency symbol adjacent to the price. A purchase in USD looks like: “$X.XX”.</p><p><strong>Q: I still can’t pay for my Discord purchases or subscriptions because [X] (e.g. you don’t accept my payment method).</strong></p><p>A: We’re trying to improve support for purchasing Discord subscriptions, including Nitro, Nitro Basic, and Server Boosting, as well as purchases from the Discord shop in various countries. </p><p><strong>Q: Why were there additional fees or taxes on my purchase in a localized pricing country?</strong></p><p>A: When making a purchase in a country where localized pricing is available, mandatory fees and/or taxes may be imposed. Please reach out to your bank or payment processor if you have questions about taxes or fees.</p><p><strong>Q: I purchased a Nitro/Nitro Classic Monthly or Yearly subscription before localized pricing became available in my country. Can I get a refund?</strong></p><p>A: We are happy to issue a refund for your purchase if it falls within our <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012668071" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Refund Policy</a>. If your purchase falls within the refund policy, you can reach out to our support team here to request a refund: <a href="http://dis.gd/billing" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">dis.gd/billing</a></p><p>If your purchase falls outside the refund policy, our team is unable to issue a refund. However, your subscription will automatically be updated to the new localized price upon the next renewal date. We appreciate your understanding!</p><p><strong>Q: How do I know if a price is in my local currency?</strong></p><p>A: Each currency displays with its specific currency code (for example, €, ฿, ¥) or in format CA$X.XX. If you’re in a region with localized pricing, any USD-denominated pricing will be presented with $, USD, or US$. beside the price. </p><h2 id="h_01JSQCZJZWESYQXKBAD6PBP263">Specific Location-Based Information</h2><p><strong>Q: Why was I charged in USD for my purchase despite being in a region where localized pricing is available?</strong></p><p>A: To clarify, you may have been charged in USD for a purchase (including Nitro, Server Boosts, or Shop items) despite localized pricing being available in your region for any of the following reasons:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="edf2dd82a7d728f4a3a70b412734069f6">Your payment method on file does not originate from the proper region where localized pricing is available.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="ef43f2f52f45e0669fdefe23c710572c0">Your payment method does not support the currency you’re attempting to pay with (for example, PayPal.)</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e4605d74d490c2a628d3738975774cc57">You’re using a VPN, which may affect proper recognition of your location.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e69070257c6108bf77c5b6328d7e96b11">You’re purchasing through a third party vendor, such as Google Play, that does not support transactions in all currencies.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="ecb56a4f66dea558527e4067a8ecc0a8a">You purchased a gift. Gifts are not currently available in all localized prices, and will cost the equivalent of the USD price, or default to USD, depending on your region.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="eefac519e9cc773072df9e11a206893ba">You manually selected USD as your currency in the “Pay for it with” menu during the checkout process.</li>
</ul><p><strong>Q: My bank in Brazil won't process my payment in BRL. What should I do?</strong></p><p>A: We are aware of this issue and working on a fix with our payment providers. We apologize for any inconvenience! In the meantime, you can try switching to an alternative payment method, which may resolve the issue.</p><p><strong>Q: Why did the PLN pricing in Poland change after December 14, 2022?</strong></p><p>A: To clarify, on December 14, 2022, we grandfathered our previous Polish prices as we expanded Euro pricing availability to our Polish users.</p><p>If you subscribed to Nitro, Nitro Classic, or Server Boosting before this date, <strong>you will keep your current pricing as long as you don't make any further subscription changes</strong>. Such changes include but are not limited to: changing billing frequency, changing plan tier, changing payment methods, adding or removing boosts, requesting a refund, or any other changes to your subscription features, price, or billing period.</p><p>If you’d like to cancel your subscription, you can do so by going to <strong>User Settings</strong> &gt; <strong>Subscriptions</strong>. However, keep in mind that canceling your subscription will also result in a loss of grandfathered prices once your subscription ends.</p><p><strong>Q: Is localized pricing available for ARS/Argentina?</strong></p><p>A: As of February 15, 2024, we began the deprecation of ARS pricing and it is no longer available when purchasing Nitro, Nitro Basic, Nitro Classic, and/or Server Boosting. If you are a Discord user in Argentina and currently have a Nitro, Nitro Basic, Nitro Classic, and/or Server Boosting subscription, you will receive a notification of this change through the email associated with your Discord account about how this change will impact your subscription.</p><p>If you would like to cancel your Discord subscription, you can go to your <strong>User Settings</strong> &gt; <strong>Subscription</strong> to cancel your current subscription(s).</p><p><strong>Q: I lost my grandfathered pricing on my subscription, how can I get it back?</strong></p><p>A: Unfortunately, once grandfathered pricing is lost, Discord Support cannot restore it to your subscription. This typically happens when you make changes to your subscription.</p><p>Changes that affect grandfathered pricing include: changing your billing frequency, switching plan tiers, updating payment methods, modifying boosts, requesting refunds, or making any adjustments to your subscription's features, price, or billing period.</p><p><strong>Q: Did the TRY/Turkey pricing change for Discord subscriptions?</strong></p><p>A: On February 21, 2024, we made a price adjustment to the TRY pricing for our Discord subscriptions, which is in effect for all new purchases of Nitro, Nitro Basic, and Nitro Classic in Turkey. For current subscribers of Nitro, Nitro Basic, and Nitro Classic in Turkey, you should see a notification of this change through the email associated with your Discord account about its impact on your subscription.</p><p>If you would like to cancel your Discord subscription, you can go to your <strong>User Settings</strong> &gt; <strong>Subscriptions</strong> to cancel your current subscription(s).</p><p>If you are currently subscribed to Nitro, Nitro Basic, and Nitro Classic through the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store and you are based in Turkey with the TRY pricing, you will maintain the legacy subscription prices so long as you are still subscribed through the mobile app.</p><p><strong>Q: I’m in Great Britain or Canada and I see my price is now localized. When did this happen?</strong></p><p>A: As of April 2026, we transitioned pricing in Great Britain and Canada to local currencies. This change standardizes pricing across these regions and provides a more consistent and simplified purchasing experience.<br> </p>