<p id="docs-internal-guid-aac9af3c-7fff-8d90-59a3-4fefda15eb20">We're excited to announce Server Subscriptions for communities on Discord! </p><h2 id="h_01HPHW16N6VEJVM72FVPVZHB2M"><strong>What this article covers:</strong></h2><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="ecc3f351e5320644ca8b6cb5bd69e576c"><a href="#h_01GXS8A8K3KS5H407NZT2A43RX" target="_self">What is Server Subscription?</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e2cff6320992c49635d0a09daaf909be1"><a href="#h_01GXS8AFVQFQYKC26D6E89516Z" target="_self" rel="undefined">How can I subscribe to a Server Subscription in a server?</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e79bd6c653c2972c2fef671f7bebb4a7b"><a href="#h_01GXS8QJ43BG0RDFEJ2P56Z0H9" target="_self">How do I manage or cancel my Server Subscription with a server?</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="ee8e019cbf28c24aeaa2e1638714f32cf"><a href="#h_01GXS8QWVJXBH1PJ4KP942M5PM" target="_self">Can I ask for a refund for my Server Subscription?</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="eb35cb3e35ed7130007c37248f8605e38"><a href="#h_01GXS8R35VE6J7YE50ZPR239CQ" target="_self">Why can’t my server enable Server Subscription?</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e8d6f61ca2e13a7734b04810a3db6cd10"><a href="#h_01GXS8R9AVGAC8PRKTB13D53ZD" target="_self">Server Subscriptions iOS </a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e87d52e66110a732858e07768ffcb8427">
<a href="#h_01KWD4V5FRCEC40JRJ0F88S5VN">Frequently Asked Questions </a><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e0c70bc8a9a038d3e2f94c128bfcad878"><a href="#h_01KWD4VRVH94VWAV7FC68FR30T">Server Subscriptions iOS</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e17e79e2d39924c04d0d80fdaec30d2eb"><a href="#h_01KWD53G4VVFQBXDP8D8MWPANB">Other</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul><h1 id="h_01GXS8A8K3KS5H407NZT2A43RX"><strong>WHAT IS A SERVER SUBSCRIPTION?</strong></h1><p>A Server Subscription is a monthly subscription to a server that helps support the communities and creators that run them. At the discretion of the creator/admin of the server, membership can be divided into tiers; each tier may have unique pricing and perks.</p><p>Creators/server admins provide the premium membership. They are responsible for creating the tiers and their descriptions, and they also provide the subscriptions themselves and any associated content or other perks. Please read the tier descriptions carefully to make sure you understand what exactly you are buying.</p><p>Because these are recurring subscriptions, you’ll be charged monthly until you cancel the subscription (which you can do anytime from the Premium section in User Settings).</p><p>If you are unhappy with your Server Subscription, contact the creator/server admin directly. If that doesn’t resolve your issue, you can request a refund as described below. </p><p>If you experience technical issues preventing you from accessing your Server Subscription, contact us at<a href="http://dis.gd/billing" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> dis.gd/billing</a> and choose <strong>Server Subscription</strong> under <strong>Type of billing issue</strong>.</p><h2 id="h_01GXS8AFVQFQYKC26D6E89516Z"><strong>HOW CAN I SUBSCRIBE TO A SERVER SUBSCRIPTION IN A SERVER?</strong></h2><ol>
<li data-list-item-id="eed7a2ea5008a5b3d4d7c59e8c3b05cb8">In the server you would like to have a Server Subscription, you can press "Server Subscription" at the top of the server's channel list. </li>
<li data-list-item-id="e0118e169c453bb262776dc4bea417d32">An in-app landing page will appear, and you can see the different Server Subscription  subscription tiers, their prices, and the perks included in each tier. Read the descriptions to make sure you know what you’re buying!</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e72ce390af4dee3581474b23c83b8919d">Choose a tier, then follow the instructions to pick a payment method and complete the purchase.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e85a7f5f30b9953fcea757475d7183955">And that's it! A welcome message will pop up to show you the perks you have with the Server Subscription tier you purchased.</li>
</ol><h1 id="h_01GXS8QJ43BG0RDFEJ2P56Z0H9"><strong>HOW DO I MANAGE OR CANCEL MY SERVER SUBSCRIPTION WITH A SERVER?</strong></h1><ol>
<li data-list-item-id="ee342d81a099a5f80e5397a36a3e3ca26">Press on the cog wheel next to your username at the bottom right corner of the client to open up User Settings.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="ec8b24b1bc9627fc5784b9a00cf592be4">Select Subscriptions on the left side panel.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="eb1f7b467f06c4918b554c11190e3b01a">On this page, you should see your subscriptions, including memberships. Press on the Manage Membership button.</li>
<li data-list-item-id="ecc7a6b96be61711dacb44209e2a57b14">The Server Subscription page will show your memberships across all servers and each memberships' costs and billing/renewal dates. Press on Cancel Subscription next to the membership you want to cancel and confirm your decision!</li>
</ol><h2 id="h_01GXS8QWVJXBH1PJ4KP942M5PM"><strong>CAN I ASK FOR A REFUND FOR MY SERVER SUBSCRIPTION?</strong></h2><p>If you would like to refund a Server Subscription purchase, you must first contact the server owner.</p><p>You can also review our <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012668071" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Refund Policy</a> for refund eligibility criteria and instructions on requesting a refund.</p><h1 id="h_01GXS8R35VE6J7YE50ZPR239CQ"><strong>WHY CAN’T MY SERVER ENABLE SERVER SUBSCRIPTIONS?</strong></h1><p>For more information on Server Subscription eligibility, please see<a href="https://creator-support.discord.com/hc/articles/10423011974551" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> this link here</a>!</p><h1 id="h_01GXS8R9AVGAC8PRKTB13D53ZD">Server Subscriptions iOS </h1><p>Server Subscriptions can now be purchased on mobile (iOS)! Support your favorite creators and communities by subscribing directly from the Discord iOS app.</p><h1 id="h_01KWD4V5FRCEC40JRJ0F88S5VN">Frequently Asked Questions </h1><p><span class="wysiwyg-font-size-x-large"><strong>This FAQ is divided into sections:</strong></span></p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e2e25141792bc4fc140d5f70914ee571d"><a href="#h_01KWD4VRVH94VWAV7FC68FR30T">Server Subscriptions iOS</a></li>
<li data-list-item-id="e3980a735d5f4edf5df0975611f23f751"><a href="#h_01KWD53G4VVFQBXDP8D8MWPANB">Other</a></li>
</ul><h2 id="h_01KWD4VRVH94VWAV7FC68FR30T">Server Subscriptions iOS</h2><p><strong>Q. Do mobile subscriptions cost the same as desktop subscriptions?</strong></p><p>A: No. Apple takes an additional 30% of revenue from all subscriptions initiated through the Discord iOS application. Subscribers on iOS mobile devices will see a higher price on iOS checkout to account for the additional iOS fee. </p><p>More information on the fee structures is available in the Monetization Terms: <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/5330075836311" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/5330075836311-Monetization-Terms</a></p><p><strong>Q. Can I change (upgrade or downgrade) my current tier mid-month on iOS?</strong></p><p>A. Currently, we do not support upgrading or downgrading your tier mid-cycle if the subscription was initiated on the Discord iOS app.</p><p>However, you can cancel your subscription, wait for it to end, and then purchase the new tier you want. For example, if you have a subscription to tier A that renews on March 24, but you want to purchase tier B, you will need to cancel tier A, and wait for the subscription to end on March 24 — then you will be able to purchase tier B.</p><p><strong>Q: When will subscriptions be purchasable on Android?</strong></p><p>A: Subscriptions will not be available to purchase on Android.</p><h2 id="h_01KWD53G4VVFQBXDP8D8MWPANB">Other</h2><p><strong>Q: Can I use a Discord gift card to pay for a Server Subscription?</strong></p><p>A: Yes! You can use your Discord gift card balance to pay for Server Subscriptions. Learn more about <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/41159820367895" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">gift cards</span></a>, or redeem a gift card <a href="http://discord.com/redeem" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><span class="wysiwyg-underline">here</span></a>.</p>