<p>Ah, the Terms of Service: everyone’s favorite thing to read. Below you’ll find a summary of the key updates, but please do read the full <a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service</a>, as they are what actually govern your use of Discord. The new terms go into effect on <strong>September 29, 2025</strong>.</p>
<p>Here are some highlights of what we updated:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<strong>Description of our services</strong>. We added more detail about how Discord works and what you can expect from us – from how users communicate, to features that enhance your experience while playing games by enabling you to connect your account, share your activity, and see relevant sponsored content like Quests.</li>
<li>
<strong>Content use</strong>. We’ve simplified and clarified that the rights you give us to your content allow us to use it to generally provide, develop, and improve our services. Our practices around how we use your content have not changed and will continue to follow our Privacy Policy.</li>
<li>
<strong>Regulatory updates around the world</strong>. Some of the updates are in response to new laws such as the <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/33362401287959-What-s-Changing-for-UK-Users-Due-to-the-UK-Online-Safety-Act" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">UK’s Online Safety Act</a>. We’ve updated our Terms to comply with these laws and provide more transparency about how Discord works and how the features and controls we offer help keep users safe. We’ve also provided more information under the <a href="http://discord.com/terms/eecc-addendum" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">European Electronic Communications Code</a> for relevant users.</li>
<li>
<strong>Dispute Resolution</strong>. We’ve updated our dispute resolution process and our arbitration agreement. These updates reflect changes in the legal landscape and provide new information on the steps you should take in case you have a dispute and the arbitrators available to you depending on where you live.</li>
<li>
<strong>Updated </strong><a href="https://discord.com/terms/paid-services-terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>Paid Services Terms</strong></a>. We've clarified and added new language on <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/30593690165783-Discord-Orbs-FAQ" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord Orbs</a> that covers how you can earn, redeem, and hold Orbs on your account, including what happens to your Orbs if your account is terminated or suspended. We're also introducing backup payment methods to help keep your subscriptions running smoothly. If your primary payment method fails, we may automatically charge an alternate payment method you have on file, with controls to let you opt out if you prefer.</li>
</ul>
<p>Additionally, we know policy updates can raise questions, so we've provided some Q&amp;As for some things you might be wondering about <a href="https://discord.com/safety/important-policy-updates" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">here</a>. Thanks for reading!</p>