<p>We take your privacy seriously, and we’re constantly evaluating best practices as our services evolve. Below you’ll find a summary of the key updates to the <a href="https://discord.com/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Privacy Policy</a>, but please do read the full policy, as your use of Discord will be subject to the updated policy. The changes go into effect on <strong>September 29, 2025</strong>.</p>
<p>Here are some highlights of what we updated:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<strong>How we approach privacy</strong>. We’ve updated you on the data we can collect from you and other sources, how we can use it, and how you can control its use across Discord. You can learn more about your Data Privacy Controls <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004109911-Data-Privacy-Controls" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">here</a>. These changes reflect our commitment to user transparency and control.</li>
<li>
<strong>How we’re investing in sponsored content</strong>. As users and advertisers have embraced <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/22225719947543-Discord-Quests-FAQ" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Quests</a>, we are improving our approach to sponsored content to deliver more value. We've updated you on how we may work with measurement partners. We’re also providing you with more information on how we can use your data to show you relevant sponsored content and additional settings for you to control it. Updated settings will roll out to users on desktop and mobile in the coming weeks.</li>
<li>
<strong>Local privacy laws</strong>. We’ve provided more information about privacy rights that users may have in <a href="https://discord.com/terms/local-laws" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">different countries and jurisdictions</a>. We’ve also made updates based on changes in the legal and regulatory landscape around the world.<strong> </strong>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Additionally, we know policy updates can raise questions, so we've provided some Q&amp;As for some things you might be wondering about <a href="https://discord.com/safety/important-policy-updates" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">here</a>. Thanks for reading!</p>