<ul>
<li>
<strong>Effective Date:</strong> June 6, 2024</li>
<li>
<strong>Last Updated:</strong> June 6, 2024</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">These Monetization Terms (“Monetization Terms”) apply to the things you sell through Discord and set out the legal obligations between us and you.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">When we say “Discord”, “we”, “us”, and “our” in these Monetization Terms, we mean Discord Inc., except where we explicitly state otherwise.</span></p>
<p>When we say “Terms” in these Monetization Terms, we mean, collectively, these Monetization Terms, our <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/10575066024983-Monetization-Policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Monetization Policy</a>, our<a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Terms of Service</a>, our<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410339366295" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Paid Service Terms</a>, and any other applicable terms, policies, or guidelines that we make available to you or apply to your use of services made available by or through Discord. In the event of any conflict between these Monetization  Terms and any other Terms, these Monetization Terms will govern to the extent of such conflict. </p>
<h3 id="h_01HZMJM2RR6GYS4E7SZYHA5QJK"><strong>IMPORTANT NOTE:</strong></h3>
<h3 id="h_01HZMJM2RRKNS9RZFYG9EWZASQ">
<strong>The</strong><a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Terms of Service</a><strong> have a section titled “Settling Disputes Between You and Discord” that contains an arbitration clause and class-action waiver that applies to all U.S.-based Discord users. Please read this section carefully as it may significantly affect your legal rights, including your right to file a lawsuit in court.</strong>
</h3>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RR1BXG4RSVF5FKX9XV">Accepting the Terms</h2>
<p>By accepting these Monetization Terms, you agree to comply with the Terms and that the Terms control your relationship with us. You also confirm and agree that you are at least 18 years of age and meet the minimum age of digital consent in your country.  Please read all of the Terms carefully.</p>
<p>If you are accepting these Monetization Terms on behalf of an entity, you represent and warrant that you have authority to bind that entity to the Monetization Terms and by accepting these Monetization Terms, you are doing so on behalf of that entity (and all references to "you" in the Monetization Terms refer to that entity).</p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RRYZ0HCS25NPA5TVKM">Selling things on Discord</h2>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">As part of this program, we allow certain users to sell things on Discord (an “Offering”). Offerings can include things like subscriptions to your server or content, access to certain perks or roles, one-time purchases, and more (“Server Subscriptions”). Offerings </span><span style="color: #444746;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">can also include premium features or access that users can purchase for Applications (as defined in our </span><a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/policies-and-agreements/developer-terms-of-service" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Developer Terms of Service</a><span style="color: #444746;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">), such as subscriptions or one-time purchases to access certain Application functionality or content ("Premium Apps")</span><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">. Discord’s services include tools that make it easy to create and manage an Offering. You decide what you want to sell, you set the price, and you are responsible for providing the goods or services as described by you and for the period set by you.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Server Subscriptions, Premium Apps, and other user monetization products are premium features available to certain qualifying users on Discord. We can choose who is eligible to sell things through our services at our discretion. We may include additional requirements or details directly in the services where you create a particular Offering, so please review those parts of our services carefully before creating an offering.</span></p>
<p>You must accurately and fully describe your Offering, including what the user gets, the full price, any disclaimers or limitations about the Offering, and any rules or requirements (such as who is eligible) or other conditions that apply to users who purchase your Offering. Once they have purchased your Offering, you must provide users with what you offered them. If you materially change an existing Offering (for example by taking away perks), you must offer users who purchased the Offering a refund, or in the case of subscription, inform them of the changes and give them an opportunity to cancel or modify their subscription before the changes take effect. If we determine that you have not provided or are unable to provide users with the Offering they purchased, we may refund those users on your behalf.</p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">You must ensure that your Offering and any associated listing materials comply with all applicable laws, including advertising, marketing, consumer protection, gambling or sweepstakes, and data privacy and security laws, and do not contain any fraudulent, misleading, defamatory, or obscene materials. If you are selling age-restricted offerings, you must clearly identify that your offering is age-restricted. You must also verify that those who help provide or appear in your Offerings (including age-restricted content) are the age of majority, and where applicable, you must store their consent to participate. Discord may remove your Offering (including any associated content), indefinitely block or withhold payment, and/or terminate your account or community for violations of our Terms. See the “Restrictions” section below for more details.</span></p>
<p>Discord’s<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012668071" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Refund Policy</a> (the “Refund Policy”) <span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">applies to the sale of your Offering. You authorize Discord to determine a user’s eligibility for a refund under the Refund Policy in its sole discretion and to apply eligible refunds to a user’s account. You must provide a way for users who purchase your Offering to reach out to you to resolve disputes directly, and you (and not Discord) are responsible for resolving disputes that are not covered by the Refund Policy. Where you have been unable to resolve such a dispute and we determine that you have not provided or are unable to provide users with the Offering as described, we may provide a refund directly to users on your behalf. For any purchases made via mobile in-app purchases, you authorize the relevant mobile app store to determine refund eligibility and to issue eligible refunds directly to users.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">We’re also always developing new features and products, and we may add or remove features, change who can use certain features, start offering new services, or stop offering old services. While we try to avoid disruptions, we cannot guarantee that there will not be an outage or change to the services, and your offering may not be accessible due to such outages or changes. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we are not liable for any such outages or service changes, including without limitation any incidental, special, indirect, or consequential damages, loss of profits, revenue, or data, or cost of cover.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RRJEWKXGGTBBSSDGXT">Your relationship with Discord</h2>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">You’re an independent individual or entity (sometimes referred to as an independent contractor). You are not an employee, agent, joint venturer, or partner of Discord.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RR4DWGHG8EXDDYTHS0">Payments </h2>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Once you’ve created your Offering, users will be able to see and purchase it through your community. Discord provides users with access to the perks you provide directly through the services and allows users to pay for these offerings through Discord. Discord may assist you with managing payments issues such as fraud, chargebacks, and resolution of payments disputes with assistance from you.</span>  </p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">All user payments for Offerings will be remitted to Discord through our authorized third-party payment gateways (each, a “Payment Gateway”). To be eligible to receive payouts, you’ll need to create an account with a third-party payout provider made available to you on Discord (“Payout Provider”). When you create an account with a Payout Provider, you may be entering into a direct relationship with that Payout Provider. If you will be entering into a direct relationship with the Payout Provider, we will present their applicable terms to you. Please review those terms closely. You will not be eligible to receive a payout until our Payout Provider has provisioned your account. Eligible payouts will be provided within forty five (45) days after the end of each calendar month. For example, for Offerings purchased in January, you will receive payouts within 45 days after January 31st. All payouts will be made via the payment method that you link through our Payout Provider. You can choose any payout currency offered by a Payout Provider, but the Payout Provider may charge a conversion fee. You must have a minimum balance of $100.00 to be eligible to receive your first payout, and a minimum balance of $25 for any subsequent payouts that you are eligible to receive. You can see payout status and other information in your Discord Server Settings by going to Payments under Premium Memberships.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">You will be deemed to have accepted the accuracy of any payout from Discord hereunder unless you notify Discord of a dispute</span><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/requests/new" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> by contacting us</a> <span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">no later than 90 days after the date of the applicable payout from Discord to you.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">We try to provide timely access to your funds, but you may occasionally experience delays in accessing your funds. We or our Payout Providers may also block or hold payouts for violations of our Terms (see “Restrictions” section below), for compliance reasons, including collecting tax reporting information, or if we anticipate a high volume of refunds or chargebacks on your Offerings. When payouts are delayed or blocked we try to communicate the reason to you promptly. It is your responsibility to make sure that the contact information associated with your Discord account is up to date and that your bank account information is accurate. If you have questions about a payouts block, please</span><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/requests/new" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> reach out to us</a><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">. In order to protect you, we may block users’ payments if we believe them to be fraudulent. </span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Sometimes activities like refunds or chargebacks will mean that you owe money to Discord in excess of the amount we have agreed to pay out to you. You agree that we may off-set or discount, as applicable, any amounts owed to Discord against future payments owed to you or collect payment or reimbursement from you by any other lawful means. You authorize Discord to use any of these methods to recover any amounts owed to Discord.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">If a User initiates a chargeback in connection with the purchase of an Offering, you agree to provide timely information to Discord to assist in any chargeback investigation. You understand that the failure to provide information on the requested timeline could adversely impact the outcome of a chargeback investigation, up to complete forfeiture of the chargeback amounts. You are solely responsible for any forfeited chargeback amounts, chargeback fees, payments or fines imposed by credit and debit card networks or other payment method providers that arise out of your conduct or your Offering.</span></p>
<p><strong><em><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">If you are based in the United States:</span></em></strong></p>
<p><span style="color: #666666;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">You appoint Discord as a payment collection agent. Discord acts as your payment collection agent solely for the limited purpose of accepting and processing payments from users purchasing your Offering. Because Discord acts as your payment collection agent, you understand that payment made by a user through Discord will be considered the same as a payment made directly to you, and you will provide the offering in the agreed-upon manner as if you received the payment directly from the user. You also agree that we may refund users in accordance with our</span><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410339366295" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Paid Services Terms</a><span style="color: #666666;" data-darkreader-inline-color=""> and</span><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012668071" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Refund Policy</a><span style="color: #666666;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">. You understand that Discord is only obliged to pay you when it successfully receives the payment from a user who purchases your Offering. Discord guarantees payments to you only for amounts that have been successfully received by Discord from users. In accepting an appointment as your limited payment collection agent, Discord assumes no liability for any acts or omissions made by you.</span></p>
<p><strong><em><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">If you are based in the European Union or United Kingdom: </span></em></strong></p>
<p><em><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Discord acts as the reseller of your offering. </span></em><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">When you seek to make offerings available for sale on Discord, you agree that Discord </span>will act as the reseller of those Offerings. Because Discord acts as the reseller for any offerings, you understand that payment is made by a user to Discord. Discord will be entitled to make the offering available to a purchaser in the agreed-upon manner. You also agree that we may refund users in accordance with our<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410339366295" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Paid Services Terms</a> and<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012668071-Refund-Policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Refund Policy</a>. You understand that Discord is only obliged to pay you when it successfully receives the payment from a user who purchases your Offering from Discord as reseller. Discord guarantees payments to you only for amounts that have been successfully received by Discord from u<span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">sers.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RRMG6R434PFH96FQS0">Fees</h2>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">We will deduct fees for each purchase of an Offering as summarized in the categories below (collectively, the “Fees”). Fees will be calculated based on the transaction type at the rate set out in Schedule 1 of these Monetization Terms.</span></p>
<ul>
<li>
<strong>Payment processing fees</strong>, which are the fees charged by Payment Gateways or mobile app stores we use to process purchases of your Offering by users on Discord and make associated payouts to you (“Payment Processing Fees”). Payment Processing Fees are calculated as a percentage of the total payments from a user.</li>
<li>
<strong>Additional transaction fees</strong> <span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">such as currency conversion fees and other fees applied by Payment Gateways, mobile app stores, banks, or other entities for the processing of any transactions related to an Offering, including payouts, fraud, or refunds (“Transaction Fees”).  Transaction Fees will be calculated according to the method used by the third party applying the fee and will be charged to you as applicable.</span>
</li>
<li>
<strong><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Platform fee </span></strong><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">payable to Discord, which is the fee we charge for making monetization products available to you (“Platform Fee”). The Platform Fee is calculated as a percentage of total payments from a user less applicable transaction taxes, Payment Processing Fees, and Transaction Fees.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">For purchases made by users through the Discord mobile app, you direct us to increase the total price of your Offering to account for any Payment Processing Fees charged by mobile app stores. Any additional amounts collected as a result of this price increase will be used to pay for the Payment Processing Fees charged by a mobile app store. We may offer you the option to modify this setting, in which case we will present you with specific terms in the services or in communications with you outlining any applicable fee or pricing changes.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">In addition to applicable Fees, we may also deduct refunds, chargebacks, and associated fees from your payout as described in these terms. Your bank, our Payout Provider, or a Payment Gateway may also charge  currency conversion or foreign transaction fees. We do not control currency exchange rates or charges imposed by your bank, our Payout Provider, or a Payment Gateway and those fees may be deducted from your payout.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RRF8HWSJ3MSEKK3902">Tax</h2>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">We or our Payout Provider may collect tax identification information and report this to tax authorities as legally required. You are responsible for reporting any income or withholding taxes which may be due as a result of payments received, and you are responsible for paying all taxes, fees, duties, and other governmental charges, and any related interest, arising from payments made to you by Discord.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">You also authorize us to receive any required tax reporting or documentation directly from Payout Providers on your behalf. Where required, we will make any tax reporting documentation that we receive on your behalf available to you promptly.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #666666;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Where local law requires, Discord will assess applicable taxes, including transaction taxes such as: sales, VAT, GST, and other similar taxes (collectively, “Transaction Taxes”) for the sale of any Offering. Transaction Taxes will be collected from purchasers and remitted by Discord to the appropriate taxing authority. If you are exempt from Transaction Taxes imposed on any part of this transaction, you will provide an appropriate tax exemption certificate or documentation to us. You and Discord will each be solely responsible for any taxes related to income and business profits.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RRB9KGD94SQQ61H732">Restrictions</h2>
<p>You cannot sell (or do) anything on Discord that violates our Terms or any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. This includes breaching our<a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Terms of Service</a>, <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/10575066024983-Monetization-Policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Monetization Policy</a>, <a href="https://discord.com/guidelines" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Community Guidelines</a>, or our<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4420312247575" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> other policies</a>. </p>
<p>All of these policies are extremely important to us, so please read them.</p>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">If you breach our Terms, we reserve the right to indefinitely withhold payouts, restrict your ability to sell things through Discord, terminate your server, cancel any active Offerings and authorize refunds to users, or terminate your account with or without notice, report you to law enforcement, or take other appropriate actions, at our discretion.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RRBR7KK9X8M0SWMH7F">Privacy</h2>
<p>Our<a href="https://discord.com/new/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Privacy Policy</a> <span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">discusses what information we collect and how we use this information in more detail. Our Payout Provider stores your bank account information, not us.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RR4N1B83SMJ4C21R47">Modifications</h2>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">We will update these Monetization Terms from time to time. We always indicate the date the last changes were published, and if changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice as required by law, such as by emailing you or highlighting the changes within the services.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RR7A5NNN5DE3V9R0ZH">Representations &amp; Warranties</h2>
<p><span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">You represent and warrant to Discord that (a) you have the requisite power and authority to enter into and carry out the terms of these Monetization Terms, without conflict with any other obligation you may have to any other party, and you have obtained and will maintain all rights, approvals and consents necessary to perform your obligations and grant all rights and licenses granted to Discord under these Monetization Terms; (b) you have full title to the Offerings, free and clear of all liens, charges and other encumbrances; and (c) you will otherwise ensure that you, the Offering, and any associated listing content comply with all applicable laws will not contain any harmful, fraudulent, misleading, defamatory or obscene content, and none of the offering or associated listing content infringe or misappropriate any intellectual property rights, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary rights of any third party.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RREH27J0XZFP2AS1ER">Indemnity</h2>
<p>In addition to the indemnities set forth in the<a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Terms of Service</a>, <span style="color: #4f545c;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">you will indemnify and hold Discord and its officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, and costs (including reasonable legal and accounting fees) arising from or related to: (a) your access to or use of our services (including without limitation the pilot features), (b) your content, (c) your Offering,  (d) your failure to pay all applicable taxes other than taxes based on Discord’s income), or (e) your violation of our Terms.</span></p>
<h2 id="h_01HZMJM2RRYVV4MQ6XDAFP1FR0">Schedule 1 - Fees</h2>
<p>For Server Subscriptions:</p>
<div>
<table style="width: 100%;">
<colgroup>
<col>
<col>
<col>
<col>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Transaction Type</td>
<td>Payment Processing Fee</td>
<td>Transaction Fee</td>
<td>Platform Fee</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>Desktop App &amp; Browser</strong></td>
<td>6%</td>
<td>As applicable</td>
<td>10%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>iOS App Store</strong></td>
<td>
<p>30%*</p>
<p>Retained Auto-renewing Subscriptions‡: 15%</p>
</td>
<td>As applicable</td>
<td>10%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>Google Play Store</strong></td>
<td>
<p>Auto-renewing subscriptions: 15%</p>
<p>Other purchases: 30%</p>
</td>
<td>As applicable</td>
<td>10%</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</div>
<p>For Premium Apps:</p>
<div>
<table style="width: 100%;">
<colgroup>
<col>
<col>
<col>
<col>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Transaction Type</td>
<td>Payment Processing Fee</td>
<td>Transaction Fee</td>
<td>Platform Fee</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>Desktop App &amp; Browser</strong></td>
<td>6%</td>
<td>As applicable</td>
<td>
<p>Growth Tier: 15%<br><br></p>
<p>Standard Tier: 30%</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</div>
<div class="wysiwyg-indent1"><em>As of June 4, 2024, the “Growth Tier” will apply to your Developer Team (as designated in the Discord    Developer Portal) until your Developer Team’s Premium Apps collectively generate $1,000,000 USD in    total payments from all users. After that, the “Standard Tier” will apply to all payments from users generated by any of your Developer Team’s Premium Apps. If your Developer Team is acting on behalf of an entity, then the tiers apply to the payments generated by Premium Apps owned or operated by that entity.<br></em></div>
<div class="wysiwyg-indent1"> </div>
<div class="wysiwyg-indent1"><em>Mobile transactions are not currently available.<br><br></em></div>
<p><em>*Unless otherwise agreed, mobile app store fees will be added to the total price of an Offering and paid by the purchaser. </em></p>
<p><em>‡Retained Auto-Renewing Subscriptions means auto-renewing subscription purchases made by customers who have accrued greater than one year of paid subscription service on a given subscription tier, as determined by Apple in its sole discretion. </em></p>