<p><strong>Last updated: July 1, 2020</strong></p>
<p>This Discord Developer Policy is incorporated into the Discord Developer Terms of Service (“Terms”) and applies to all uses of our APIs. All capitalized terms not defined here have the meaning assigned to them in these Terms. Please check back from time to time as these policies are occasionally updated.</p>
<p><strong>“Discord Data”</strong> means any and all data you obtain through the APIs.</p>
<p><strong>Protect Discord users.</strong></p>
<p>You may not use the APIs in any way to:</p>
<ul>
<li>modify a Discord user’s account without explicit permission from the Discord user. For example, you may not add a Discord user to a Discord (also known as a “server”) unless that Discord user expressly approved joining that Discord (such as when using a "group finder" app);</li>
<li>post messages, trigger notifications, or play audio on behalf of a Discord user except in response to such Discord user expressly opting-in to each instance of such action;</li>
<li>obtain Discord passwords or credentials under any circumstance; or</li>
<li>target users with advertisements or marketing.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Handle data with care.</strong></p>
<p>You may not use the APIs in any way to:</p>
<ul>
<li>scrape any Discord Data;</li>
<li>use Discord Data for any purpose other than as necessary to provide your application;</li>
<li>disclose any user’s Discord Data without their specific, informed consent;</li>
<li>disclose Discord Data to any ad network, data broker, or other advertising or monetization related service;</li>
<li>retain data any longer than necessary for the operation of your application;</li>
<li>contravene Discord’s Privacy Policy;</li>
<li>obtain Discord User passwords to obtain access to Discord Data;</li>
<li>sell, license or otherwise commercialize any Discord Data;</li>
<li>provide or direct services to children under the age of thirteen (13) in the United States or, outside of the United States, the relevant age of digital consent;</li>
<li>process Discord Data in a way that surprises or violates Discord users’ expectations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Don’t Do Anything Illegal, Harmful, or Otherwise Not Cool.</strong></p>
<p>You may not use the APIs in any way:</p>
<ul>
<li>to promote or facilitate unlawful online gambling;</li>
<li>for any activities where the use or failure of the APIs could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage (such as the operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control, or life support systems);</li>
<li>that doesn’t comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and third party rights;</li>
<li>to encourage or promote illegal activity or violation of third party rights;</li>
<li>to use the APIs to process or store any data that is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations maintained by the U.S. Department of State</li>
<li>to distribute NSFW material without an NSFW tag; or</li>
<li>to defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten others, or otherwise violate our <a href="https://discord.com/guidelines">Community Guidelines</a>.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Don’t abuse the platform.</strong></p>
<p>You will:</p>
<ul>
<li>require your end users to comply with (and not knowingly enable them to violate) applicable law, regulation, and the Discord Terms of Service; and</li>
<li>only access (or attempt to access) an API by the means described in the documentation of that API.</li>
</ul>
<p>You will not:</p>
<ul>
<li>remove, obscure, or alter Discord’s <a href="https://discord.com/terms">Terms of Service</a> or any links to or notices of those terms;</li>
<li>encourage or create functionality for your users that violates Discord’s <a href="https://discord.com/terms">Terms of Service</a>;</li>
<li>sublicense an API for use by a third party;</li>
<li>create an application that functions substantially the same as the APIs and offer it for use by third parties;</li>
<li>perform an action with the intent of introducing to Discord products and services any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, malware, or any items of a destructive nature;</li>
<li>reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code from any API or any related software, except to the extent that this restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law;</li>
<li>misrepresent or mask either your identity or your application’s identity when using the APIs or developer accounts;</li>
<li>permit or allow a third party to violate any of this Discord Developer Policy; or</li>
<li>interfere with or disrupt the APIs or the servers or networks providing the APIs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>API Limits.</strong></p>
<p>Discord sets and enforces limits on your use of the APIs (for example, by limiting the number of API requests that you may make, the number of servers your application is in, or the number of users you may serve), in our sole discretion. You agree to, and will not attempt to circumvent, such limitations documented with each API.</p>
<p>If you would like to use any API beyond these limits, you must obtain Discord’s express written consent (and Discord may decline such request or condition acceptance on your agreement to additional terms and/or charges for that use). We support increases to the following rate limits if your app meets the criteria set forth below. If you are seeking approval for any of the following rate limit increases, please follow the outlined steps:</p>
<ul>
<li>100 server limit for your bot
<ul>
<li>Please see your bot’s settings and get verified and approved for Privileged Intents as needed. <a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040720412">Read more here</a>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Large Bot Sharding
<ul>
<li>If you are near or in over 150,000 guilds, please reach out to support at <a href="https://dis.gd/contact">https://dis.gd/contact</a> about Large Bot Sharding. <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/gateway#sharding-for-very-large-bots">Read more here</a>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Higher global rate limit
<ul>
<li>If you are near or in over 150,000 guilds, please reach out to support at <a href="https://dis.gd/contact">https://dis.gd/contact</a> about a higher global rate limit</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>HIPAA Rules.</strong></p>
<p>Discord does not intend use of the APIs to create obligations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended ("HIPAA"), and makes no representations that the APIs satisfy HIPAA requirements. If you are (or become) a "covered entity" or "business associate" as defined in HIPAA, you will not use the APIs for any purpose or in any manner involving transmitting protected health information to Discord.</p>
<p><!-- notionvc: 76c6f3d6-2401-4d2f-9db4-accb65f29991 --></p>