<h1 id="h_01J8JESC98QJP1HRBQ6MNAG18Q">Contents</h1>
<p><a href="#h_01J8JESC983NH01G412Q0672KZ">Introduction</a></p>
<p><a href="#h_01J8JESC985W7V9M5XSMK8YA14">The Difference Between Verified and Unverified Activities</a></p>
<p><a href="#h_01J8JESC989C99FYAYBXPYZ05Q">When to Keep Your Activity Unverified</a></p>
<p><a href="#h_01J8JESC98H586ZCZJN1T6YN77">When to Verify Your Activity</a></p>
<h1 id="h_01J8JESC983NH01G412Q0672KZ">Introduction</h1>
<p>Discord offers two distinct settings for Activities: Verified and Unverified. These settings provide different levels of visibility and functionality, each suited for specific purposes. In this article, we'll delve into the characteristics and benefits of both Verified and Unverified Activities, helping you understand when and how to use each effectively.</p>
<h1 id="h_01J8JESC985W7V9M5XSMK8YA14">The Difference Between Verified and Unverified Activities</h1>
<p>Verified and Unverified Activities have several distinct characteristics:</p>
<h2 id="h_01J8JESC988BHFTRZQC7WCCVBF">Verified Activities</h2>
<p>These Activities are:</p>
<ul>
<li>Visible to everyone on Discord (There is no longer a server member limit.)</li>
<li>Allowed to enable discovery through Discord Discovery Surfaces</li>
<li>Playable in any server, regardless of size</li>
<li>Eligible for monetization, provided <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/17709085688727-What-Are-Premium-Apps#h_01HB8WP0GADB3NZ78DM0CVE9N4" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Premium App requirements</a> are met</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="h_01J8JESC98ZGZ473H93TXPC2J0">Unverified Activities</h2>
<p>Unverified Activities have the following features:</p>
<ul>
<li>Only visible to you, your development team, and app testers</li>
<li>Not discoverable by the general Discord community</li>
<li>Limited to servers with fewer than 25 members</li>
<li>Great for testing and development</li>
</ul>
<p>The key difference is accessibility and visibility. Verified Activities are open to all Discord users, while Unverified Activities are restricted to developers and testers.</p>
<h1 id="h_01J8JESC989C99FYAYBXPYZ05Q">When to Keep Your Activity Unverified</h1>
<p>While you are developing and testing your Activity, keeping it unverified is the best option. It is only playable by the team's developers and app testers who are explicitly invited to test it. It can also only be launched in servers with less than 25 members.</p>
<h4 id="h_01J8JH7WCPJEP7KX505A3N1DMW" class="callout">
<span style="color: #2e3338; font-family: gg_sans, ' Noto Sans' , ' Helvetica Neue' , Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 18px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 500; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; display: inline !important; float: none;">⚠️ </span>It's crucial to only test Activities from developers you trust. For more information on Unverified Activity Safety, check out <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/21692628851351-Private-Activity-Safety" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">this article</a>.</h4>
<p>The best practice for development, testing, and adding new features is to use an unverified Activity. Meanwhile, maintain a separate verified "live" Activity for your stable build.</p>
<h1 id="h_01J8JESC98H586ZCZJN1T6YN77">When to Verify Your Activity</h1>
<p>When you are ready to release your Activity to the world, this will open the doors to discoverability and monetization. But first, verification is necessary to enable <strong>discovery</strong> and <strong>monetization</strong> features for your Activity.</p>
<h2 id="h_01J8JESC987FWKEFYHVTEKHP97"><strong>Verification</strong></h2>
<p class="callout">For development and iteration, we suggest having an unverified Activity.</p>
<p>To learn about how to get your Activity verified, please take a look at the <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/23926564536471-How-Do-I-Get-My-App-Verified" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">How Do I Get My App Verified</a> article.</p>
<h2 id="h_01J8JESC98218H31J9FDZ01J0F"><strong>Discoverability</strong></h2>
<p>There are currently three surfaces where people can discover your Activity once it’s verified and discovery has been enabled.</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/9360431966359-Welcome-to-the-App-Directory" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">App Directory</a></li>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/21334461140375-Using-Apps-on-Discord#docs-internal-guid-d9c5c0e9-7fff-1b40-550f-e6a3f64f347e" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">App Launcher</a></li>
<li><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/7931156448919-Activity-Status-Recent-Activity#h_01HTJA8QV5YFRR10TQ9RBZM8SS" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Activity Status (Recent Activity)</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Please see <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/21204493235991-How-Can-Users-Discover-and-Play-My-Activity">this article</a> to learn more about these surfaces and how users can find and launch your Activity.</p>
<h4 id="h_01J8JH6Y24GVCJ1WMRZSYKYN5K" class="callout">
<span style="color: #2e3338; font-family: gg_sans, ' Noto Sans' , ' Helvetica Neue' , Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 18px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 500; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; display: inline !important; float: none;">⚠️ </span>Note that after enabling discovery for your app, it can take up to 30 hours for your Activity to appear in the search bar.</h4>
<h2 id="h_01J8JESC98PKW0YZRF0TAQ38AD"><strong>Monetization</strong></h2>
<p>You can now monetize your eligible Activity through both <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/17298449675927-Premium-Apps-SKU-and-Store-Setup#h_01HAWGE42AHRH5CNNZ5WQBSCDT" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">In-App Purchases and Subscriptions</a>!</p>
<p>To learn about the eligibility criteria and how to monetize your application, check out <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/17297949965079-How-Do-I-Monetize-My-App" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">this article</a>.</p>
<p> </p>
<h2 id="h_01J8JESC983PHQYEVEYKA14B5M">Additional Resources</h2>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/21204423970071-Introducing-the-Embedded-App-SDK" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Introducing the Embedded App SDK!</a></li>
<li><a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/activities/overview" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Activities - Getting Started Guide</a></li>
<li>Join the <a href="https://discord.gg/discord-developers" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord Developers Server</a> <code>#activities-dev-help</code> channel!</li>
<li>Reach out to our <a href="https://dis.gd/developer-activities" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Developer Support</a> team if you have any questions about the SDK!</li>
</ul>
<p><!-- notionvc: 446bb39a-4c7b-42b7-b5e1-3935bc7a6373 --></p>