<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify"><em>Effective: March 17, 2025</em></p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">These Discord Social SDK Terms (these “<strong>SDK Terms</strong>”) apply to your access to and use of any and all of Discord’s APIs and SDKs designed to enable Discord’s social integrations (the “<strong>Integrations</strong>”) within your Application and related integration functionality between your Application and Discord’s services (collectively, such APIs and SDKs, the “<strong>Discord Social SDK</strong>”). These Integrations may include: Discord’s unified friends list, Discord login or authentication methods, Discord account linking and provisional accounts, rich presence and game detection, cross-platform game invites, and other authorized social integrations between your Application and Discord’s services.  </p>
<p class="wysiwyg-text-align-justify">These SDK Terms amend and supplement the <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/8562894815383-Discord-Developer-Terms-of-Service" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord Developer Terms of Service</a> (the “<strong>Developer Terms</strong>”), along with any other terms, documentation, guidelines or policies referenced therein or otherwise made available to you from time-to-time (collectively, as amended by these SDK Terms, the “<strong>Terms</strong>”), the terms of each of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference.  If there is a direct conflict between these SDK Terms and any other part of the Terms, these SDK Terms will control for that conflict. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Terms. Other terms used but not defined in the Terms have the meanings given to such terms under applicable law (e.g., “personal data” and “process”). </p>
<p><strong><span style="background-color: #ffffff; --darkreader-inline-bgcolor: var(--darkreader-background-ffffff, #282929);" data-darkreader-inline-bgcolor="">Important Note: Section 8(b) (Choice of Law; Dispute Resolution) incorporates the</span><a href="https://discord.com/terms#16" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> dispute resolution provision</a><span style="background-color: #ffffff; --darkreader-inline-bgcolor: var(--darkreader-background-ffffff, #282929);" data-darkreader-inline-bgcolor=""> from our</span><a href="https://discord.com/terms"> <span class="wysiwyg-underline" style="color: #4a86e8; background-color: #ffffff; --darkreader-inline-color: var(--darkreader-text-4a86e8, #8db2d6); --darkreader-inline-bgcolor: var(--darkreader-background-ffffff, #282929);" data-darkreader-inline-color="" data-darkreader-inline-bgcolor="">Terms of Service</span></a><span style="background-color: #ffffff; --darkreader-inline-bgcolor: var(--darkreader-background-ffffff, #282929);" data-darkreader-inline-bgcolor="">, which includes an arbitration clause and class action waiver that applies to all U.S.-based Discord users. Please read this section carefully as it may significantly affect your legal rights, including your right to file a lawsuit in court.</span></strong></p>
<ol>
<li>
<strong>Accepting the Terms</strong>. By accepting these SDK Terms, or accessing or using the Discord Social SDK, you agree to comply with the Terms and that the Terms control your relationship with us. You also confirm and agree that (i) you are at least 13 years of age and meet the minimum age required by the laws in your country, and (ii) if you are not old enough to have authority to consent to the Terms in your country, that your parent or legal guardian must agree to the Terms on your behalf. If you are a parent or legal guardian, and your teenager accesses or uses the APIs, then the Terms also apply to you and you are responsible for your teenager’s activity. Please read all the Terms carefully.<br>You may not use the Discord Social SDK and may not accept the Terms if you are barred from using or receiving the Discord Social SDK under the applicable laws of the United States or other countries, including the country in which you are a resident or from which you use the Discord Social SDK.<br>If you are using the Discord Social SDK on behalf of an entity, you represent and warrant that you have authority to bind that entity to the Terms and by accepting the Terms, you are doing so on behalf of that entity (and all references to "you" in the Terms refer to that entity).<br><br>
</li>
<li>
<strong>Use of the Discord Social SDK</strong>.   <br><strong>a. License to You.  </strong>Subject to your compliance with the Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, revocable license to use the Discord Social SDK and associated Documentation and to distribute the Discord Social SDK as integrated into your Application, in each case, solely in accordance with the Documentation as necessary for you to develop, operate, maintain and support the Integrations as expressly authorized under the Terms. The foregoing license is not sublicensable, except to your Service Providers in accordance with Section 12.A of the Developer Terms (Service Providers) or as expressly authorized in writing by Discord, and in any event you remain responsible and directly liable to Discord for any use of the Discord Social SDK by any of your sublicensees. We reserve all right, title, and interest not expressly granted in these SDK Terms and you may not access or use the Discord Social SDK or associated Documentation except as set forth in these SDK Terms. As between you and us, we own all right, title and interest in and to the Discord Social SDK, associated Documentation, and all improvements, modifications and derivative works based upon any of the foregoing (and to the extent that any such rights do not automatically vest in Discord, such rights are hereby irrevocably and automatically assigned by you to Discord). <br><strong><br>b. Restrictions</strong>.  You will not (and will not attempt to or permit or enable others to) directly or indirectly: (i) reverse engineer or otherwise derive source code, trade secrets, or know-how from the Discord Social SDK, except to the extent this restriction is prohibited by applicable laws; (ii) modify, create derivative works, copy, reproduce, redistribute, rent, lease, sell, or syndicate access to the Discord Social SDK; (iii) access or use the Discord Social SDK in any way that (A) is not in accordance with the applicable Documentation or the Terms; (B) compromises, breaks, or circumvents any of our technical processes or security measures; (C) poses a security vulnerability to users, us (including our systems or networks), or any third party; or (D) exceeds any API rate, call, or other usage limits we set in our sole discretion or that we believe constitutes excessive or abusive usage; (iv) use the Discord Social SDK in any manner or for any purpose that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any intellectual property, proprietary or other right of any person or entity, or that violates any applicable law, rule or regulation; (v) interfere with, or disrupt the integrity or performance of, the Discord Social SDK or other Discord services, or any data or content contained therein or transmitted thereby; (vi) access or search the Discord Social SDK or other Discord services (or download any data or content contained therein or transmitted thereby) through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers or any other similar data mining tools) other than software or features provided to you by Discord for use expressly for such purposes; or (vii) use the Discord Social SDK for benchmarking or competitive analysis with respect to competitive or related products or services, or to develop, commercialize, license or sell any product, service or technology that could, directly or indirectly, compete with the Discord Social SDK or other Discord services.  You will notify us promptly (and in any event within 24 hours) of any actual or suspected violation of this Section 2.b.<br><br><strong>c. Third Party Services</strong>. Certain features and functionalities of the Discord Social SDK may interface or interact with, access, and/or use compatible third party services, plugins, products, technology and content (collectively, “<strong>Third Party Services</strong>”). You acknowledge and agree that we do not provide the Third Party Services and are not responsible for such Third Party Services or any compatibility issues, errors, malfunctions, bugs or other problems or issues arising from such Third Party Services (including, without limitation, in respect of the interoperability or compatibility of such Third Party Services with your Application, the Discord Social SDK or any other Discord services). For clarity, your use of any Third Party Services is governed solely by your agreements with the applicable third parties that provide or offer such Third Party Services, and we make no warranties, representations or other promises with respect to such Third Party Services.  If you use any Third Party Services in connection with the Discord Social SDK or your Application, you will comply with the applicable terms, limitations or conditions imposed by the applicable third parties offering such Third Party Services.<br><br>
</li>
<li>
<strong>Integration Requirements.<br></strong><strong>a. Integration Requirements</strong>. You will ensure that your implementation of the Integrations complies with the Terms and any requirements for the Integrations set forth in the Documentation or otherwise prescribed by us from time-to-time, including, without limitation, with respect to required scope of Integrations and user experiences that you must implement in your Application in order to launch your Application to users with any of the Integrations (the “<strong>Integration Requirements</strong>”).  We will have the right to monitor, review and evaluate whether your implementation of the Integrations meets the Integration Requirements, and in connection with any such review you will make available such implementation and any supporting details or information to us upon request.  You acknowledge and agree that (i) we may test your implementation of each Integration and provide feedback to you at multiple stages through the implementation process (including prior to any launch of the Integrations to users) in order to ensure that the Integration Requirements have been met; and (ii) you will address any issues or defects identified by us in the course of this testing to ensure that the Integration Requirements are met to our satisfaction.  <br><br><strong>b. Age Requirement</strong>. You will ensure that your Application does not support or authorize individuals who are under the age of 13 to utilize the Integrations.<br><br>
</li>
<li>
<strong>Support and Updates.<br></strong><strong>a. Support</strong>.  We may provide you with support for the Discord Social SDK in our sole discretion, including but not limited to updates, bug fixes, and modifications to the Discord Social SDK. We may terminate this support at any time without notice to you.<br><br><strong>b. Changes</strong>.  While we typically strive to provide reasonable advance notice to our developers of any material changes to, or discontinuation of, any features of the Discord Social SDK, we cannot guarantee that we will do so in every instance. As such, you acknowledge and agree that we may change, suspend, limit the availability of, or discontinue any aspect of the Discord Social SDK at any time. We may also require you to replace your usage of any existing version of the Discord Social SDK in your Application with an updated or different version of the Discord Social SDK.<br><br>
</li>
<li>
<strong>Data. <br></strong><strong>a. API Data and App Content</strong>.  In addition to and without limiting the terms of Section 5 (User Privacy and Security) of the Developer Terms:<br><br><strong>i. Roles</strong>.  You and Discord are each independent controllers of any personal data included in the API Data that you obtain or access through the Discord Social SDK (and any personal data included in the App Content that we obtain or access through the Discord Social SDK) under applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations. As a result, you and Discord will independently and individually (A) determine your and our respective purposes and means of processing any such personal data; and (B) comply with applicable obligations under applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations. <br><br><strong>ii. Restrictions</strong>.  You may only use API Data in accordance with the Terms.  Without limiting the foregoing, with respect to any personal data included in the API Data from or about a user of Discord’s services who has not linked their account with Discord to an account for your Application, (A) you may only process such personal data to the extent necessary to enable the applicable Integrations that you obtained such personal data in connection with and only for so long as you offer such Integrations in your Application; and (B) you will promptly and securely delete any such personal data in your possession or control upon Discord’s request or in the event that these SDK Terms are terminated or if you cease offering such Integrations in your Application. <br><br><strong>b. Cooperation</strong>.  You will provide us with prompt and reasonable cooperation and assistance as needed for us to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations with respect to the processing of any personal data originating from your Application, including, without limitation, any such cooperation or assistance requested or required for us to respond to a right by a data subject to exercise its rights under applicable privacy and data protection law or a complaint relating to the processing of personal data.<br><br>
</li>
<li>
<strong>Termination</strong>.  You may terminate these SDK Terms by discontinuing your (including your Applications and those acting on your behalf) access to and use of the Discord Social SDK at any time, with or without notice to us. While we typically strive to provide reasonable advance notice before terminating or revoking your access to the Discord Social SDK, we cannot guarantee that we will do so in every instance. As such, you acknowledge and agree that we may terminate these SDK Terms or revoke or limit your access to the Discord Social SDK for any reason and for any period of time, without notice to you. Upon any termination of the SDK Terms or discontinuation of your access to the Discord Social SDK, except as authorized by Discord in writing (e.g., pursuant to a Discord-authorized wind-down period), you will stop using the Discord Social SDK and any relevant Documentation and developer credentials, delete any cached or stored API Data in your possession or control or that was otherwise collected by your Application, and all rights and licenses granted to you under these SDK Terms will immediately cease.<br><br>
</li>
<li>
<strong>Liability for the Discord Social SDK.<br></strong><strong>a. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.  </strong>NEITHER DISCORD NOR ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE DISCORD SOCIAL SDK, API DATA, DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DISCORD SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON'T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE DISCORD SOCIAL SDK OR THE RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, QUALITY, APPROPRIATENESS, LEGALITY, ORIGIN, SAFETY, USEFULNESS, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS OF THE DISCORD SOCIAL SDK, API DATA, OR DOCUMENTATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE DISCORD SOCIAL SDK WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, AND WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, OR DISCONTINUE THE AVAILABILITY OF THE DISCORD SOCIAL SDK AT ANY TIME. WE PROVIDE THE DISCORD SOCIAL SDK, API DATA, AND DOCUMENTATION "AS IS" AND YOU USE THEM AT YOUR SOLE RISK.<br><br>SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THE TERMS, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERTAKINGS.<br>
<p><strong>b. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.</strong> TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCORD, AND DISCORD’S SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE (A) RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA; FINANCIAL LOSSES; OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; OR (B) LIABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF $100, IN EACH CASE, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED ON TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS AND WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.</p>
DISCORD IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE CONDUCT OR CONTENT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF DISCORD SERVICES. IN ALL CASES, DISCORD, AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY EXPENSE, LOSS, OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.<br><br><strong>c. Indemnification. </strong>Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, you will defend (at our option), indemnify, and hold harmless Discord, and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and users, from and against all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, fees (including legal and accounting fees), fines, investigations, and expenses relating to your use (or any use on your behalf) of the Discord Social SDK or Integrations or your breach of the Terms.</li>
<li>
<strong>General Provisions.<br></strong><strong>a. Modification</strong>. We may change these SDK Terms from time to time. If we make a material change to these SDK Terms, we will post the revised SDK Terms to this page. By continuing to access or use the Discord Social SDK after any modifications or revisions to the Discord Social SDK Terms become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised or modified SDK Terms.<br><br><strong>b. Dispute Resolution</strong>.  Subject to Section 11 of the Developer Terms (International Transfers) with respect to the governing law that applies to International Data Transfers, the “Settling disputes between you and Discord” section in our <a href="https://discord.com/terms"><span class="wysiwyg-underline" style="color: #1155cc;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Terms of Service</span></a> applies with respect to any dispute arising in connection with the SDK Terms or the Discord Social SDK, where references to “the services” or “our services” will mean the Discord Social SDK, “these terms” will mean these SDK Terms, and the date for emailing an arbitration opt-out notice is within 30 days of March 17, 2025 or when you first register your Application for use or access of the Discord Social SDK, whichever is later.<br><br><strong>c. General Terms</strong>.  To the extent permitted by law, we each agree to contract in the English language and if we provide a translation of these SDK Terms, we do so for your convenience only and the English Terms will solely govern our relationship. The term “including” means “including without limitation.” These SDK Terms do not create any third party beneficiary rights or any agency, partnership, or joint venture. Nothing in the SDK Terms will limit either party's ability to seek injunctive relief. We are not liable for failure or delay in performance to the extent caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control. If you do not comply with these SDK Terms, and Discord does not take action right away, this does not mean that Discord is giving up any rights that it may have (such as taking action in the future). If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. The Terms are the entire agreement between you and Discord relating to its subject and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements on that subject (unless, and solely to the extent, you and Discord have entered into a separate written agreement to expressly supersede). For information about how to contact Discord, please visit our<a href="https://discord.com/terms"> <strong><span class="wysiwyg-underline" style="color: #4a86e8;" data-darkreader-inline-color="">Terms of Service</span></strong></a>.<br><br>You may not assign, sublicense, delegate, or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under the Terms (including any sale, license, or other transfer of ownership of your Application) to any third party without the prior written consent of Discord. For clarity, upon a Discord-approved transfer, the SDK Terms apply to the transferee as “you” (including with respect to the operation of the Application and any processing of API Data, whether obtained before or after the transfer) and they assume the obligations and liabilities of the transferor under the Terms. Any attempted transfer in violation of this provision is null and void. Any direct or indirect change of control or material ownership of you is hereby deemed an assignment. These Terms are non-exclusive. You acknowledge that Discord may develop products or services that may compete with, or are similar to, Applications or any other products or services.</li>
</ol>
<ol>
<li style="list-style-type: none;"> </li>
</ol>
<ol>
<li style="list-style-type: none;"> </li>
</ol>