<h2 id="h_01KTA2E9R8W60TZE62ZDH35P9F"><strong>TL;DR</strong></h2><p>If your app is accessible to fewer than 10,000 users, you can enable Privileged Intents in the Developer Portal. Once your app reaches 10,000 users, your app now requires review for continued access to Privileged Intents.</p><blockquote><p><strong>How we count users for your app:</strong> We count the number of unique users who have access to your app across all the servers it's installed in. When your app reaches the 10,000-user threshold, the app or team owner will receive a notification via email and/or system DM. You will also see a message in the Developer Portal letting you know it's time to apply. You will have <strong>90 days</strong> to apply for Privileged Intents access.</p></blockquote><p>You should only enable a privileged intent for your app if your use case requires it to function and is consistent with our <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/8563934450327-Discord-Developer-Policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Developer Policy</a>. If you're not sure whether your app needs these intents and their potential alternatives, please review our <a href="https://www.notion.so/You-Might-Not-Need-a-Privileged-Intent-guide-33df46fd48aa80a9b257e1ed3eb0b6c9?pvs=21" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">You Might Not Need Privileged Intent</a> guide.</p><h2 id="h_01KTA2E9R9NZHKAGR1WT3XRBJS"><strong>Details</strong></h2><p>If your app has more than 10,000 guild-installed users, and you’d like access to a new Privileged Intent for your bot, have a look at the top of your bot’s settings page on the Developer Portal. You should see a button there to begin the process. You will not see this if your app has fewer than 10,000 guild-installed users. If you don't see that and believe you should, please <a href="https://dis.gd/apps-dev-portal-error" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">reach out to us via support</a>. Note that apps with fewer than 10,000 users can use Privileged Intents without needing to apply; just turn them on from the bot’s page on the Developer Portal.</p><p>When you apply for Privileged Intents, you'll be redirected to a questionnaire. We'll ask you a few questions, including:</p><ul>
<li data-list-item-id="e7d30950e27f168001b64a29d8bbac5c6">Which Intents you're applying for</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e6137128b94d00dc2fc3242b0b2524373">Your use case for those Intents</li>
<li data-list-item-id="e2e707d9dec3633c241aa6a1d450b9044">Some data security and privacy questions</li>
</ul><p>Providing thorough answers to these questions will help to ensure the best outcome for your request. Screenshots or videos are especially valuable for explaining how your bot uses Privileged Intents.</p><p>Access to Privileged Intents is reviewed based on the information you submit, including about your bot’s described use case for access to the data gated by the intent.</p><h3 id="h_01KTA2E9RBCBT53EDPRJHAPYTS"><strong>See Also</strong></h3><p><a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6207308062871" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">What are Privileged Intents?</a></p>