<h2 id="h_01J9PZD05FP9PP94J7WGSZSPZZ">App Directory: Discovery</h2>
<p>The App Directory is a discoverable surface where server owners and admins can browse through a variety of verified apps and add them to their servers. In order for apps to be included in the App Directory, application owners must enable discovery for their application.</p>
<h2 id="h_01J9PZD05F3APKBR95F0W8C5PH">App Directory: Content Requirements</h2>
<p>In order for your application to be discoverable in App Directory, your application’s content must meet certain content requirements. Applications that do not meet these content requirements are not eligible to be listed or discoverable in the App Directory. In order to be eligible for discovery:</p>
<ul>
<li>You and your application must continue to comply with <a href="https://discord.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord’s Terms of Service</a>, <a href="https://discord.com/guidelines" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord Community Guidelines</a>, <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/policies-and-agreements/terms-of-service" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord Developer Terms of Service</a>, and <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/policies-and-agreements/developer-policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord Developer Policy</a>.</li>
<li>Your application must have a connected and publicly available Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.</li>
<li>Your application’s content must not contain any age-restricted content. Age-Restricted content includes, but is not limited to, content and discussion related to:
<ul>
<li>Sexually explicit material such as pornography or sexually explicit text</li>
<li>Violent content</li>
<li>Illegal, dangerous, and regulated goods such as firearms, tactical gear, alcohol, or drug use</li>
<li>Gambling-adjacent or addictive behavior</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Your application name, description, and commands must not contain any IP-violating content.</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="h_01J9PZD05FQQZBY6CGF4AJBQ0F">Enabling Discovery</h2>
<p>After you and your application meet the eligibility requirements for discovery and your application is verified, you can enable discovery for your application in the <a href="https://discord.com/developers/applications" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Discord Developer Portal</a>. To enable discoverability, navigate to the Discovery tab within the Developer Portal. Then, at the bottom of the Discovery Status tab, click on the “Enable Discovery” button.<br><br>If you have additional questions about the App Directory or our other Discovery surfaces, reach out to our developer support team <a href="https://dis.gd/developer-support/discovery">here</a>.</p>